ZARA TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to the ZARA.COM website and co-branded versions of the website located at URLs that resolve
to the domain name ZARA.COM (the "Website" or "Site"). As you have no doubt experienced with virtually
all websites, your use of this Site, as well as the use of any ZARA-branded mobile application on your
smartphone or handheld device ("Mobile App"), is subject to certain terms and conditions of use
(collectively "Terms") set forth below. These Terms are important for both you and us as they create a
legally binding agreement between us, protecting your rights as a valued customer and our rights as a
business.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING AND/OR PLACING AN ORDER
FROM THIS WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APP. THEY ARE IMPORTANT. THESE TERMS INCLUDE
A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, WAIVER OF THE RIGHT TO CLASS ACTION,
DISPUTE RESOLUTION (IF APPLICABLE) DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, DAMAGE AND
REMEDY EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, AND NEW YORK CHOICE OF LAW AS SET FORTH
HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY, WHETHER IN
WHOLE OR IN PART, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR OUR MOBILE APP, OR ANY OF THE
SERVICES PROVIDED ON THE SITE OR THE MOBILE APP, OR PLACE AN ORDER FROM THE
SITE OR THE MOBILE APP OR OTHERWISE.
These Terms constitute an agreement between you (hereinafter, "you" or "your") on the one hand, and
ZARA USA, Inc., a New York corporation with its principal address at 500 5th Avenue, Suite 400, New
York, NY 10110 and for Zara Home products through ITX USA LLC (hereinafter collectively, "us," "our,"
"we," "ZARA," or the "Vendor") on the other hand, in relation to your use of the Website or Mobile App,
the goods/services offered and sold through this Website or the Mobile App, any orders you place through
the Website or Mobile App or in our stores, and other interactions with us (collectively, the "ZARA
Services"). Before you place an order, please carefully read these Terms, the Zara Gift Card General Term
and Conditions (“Gift Card Terms”) and our Privacy Policy. In the event any additional terms and conditions
may conflict with or be inconsistent with these Terms, including any arbitration provision or dispute
resolution provision, these Terms will control.
If you have any questions about the Terms, the Gift Card Terms, or the Privacy Policy, you may contact us
via the contact information provided on our “Contact Us” webpage on the Site.
2. ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND WAIVER OF CERTAIN RIGHTS – DISPUTES

Informal Dispute Resolution.
We try to address any disputes without the need to initiate a formal legal case. Prior to submitting any
dispute or claim to arbitration for resolution, you and ZARA agree to make a good faith effort to resolve it
informally, including having at least one telephone or videoconference conversation between you,
personally, and ZARA. You may have a lawyer attend the call with you if you wish. To initiate this good
faith effort to informally resolve a dispute, you agree to notify us in writing by letter posted to our office,
which letter shall detail the nature of the dispute, the basis for your claims and the resolution that you are
seeking, including any monetary amount, with as much detail as you can provide so that we can gain a
sufficient understanding of the dispute. Within the sixty (60) days following our receipt of this notice, you

1

agree to engage in good faith efforts to resolve the dispute, including personally participating in a telephone
call or videoconference with us. If the dispute is not resolved within that sixty (60) days (which period can
be extended by agreement of the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration to resolve the dispute
consistent with the process set forth below. Compliance with and completing this informal dispute resolution
process is a condition precedent to commencing an arbitration. You and we agree to toll any applicable
statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines while the parties engage in this informal dispute resolution
process from the date we receive your notice to the date an arbitration is commenced or the conclusion of
the 60-day period described above, whichever is sooner. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the
authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or
prosecution of a demand for arbitration.
Arbitration Agreement & Waiver of Certain Rights.
You and we agree that, except as set forth below, we will resolve any controversies, claims, counterclaims,
or other disputes between you and ZARA or you and a third-party agent of ZARA (a “Claim) through
binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings, in accordance with the Consumer
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”). This arbitration agreement
applies to any existing or future Claims that you have not individually filed in a court of law or in arbitration
prior to the date you agreed to these Terms. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1800-778-7879. You and we hereby waive any right to a jury trial of any Claim. The arbitration will be heard
and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator's decision in any such arbitration will be final and
binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and we agree that
the arbitration will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it
(including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any
testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings,
except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable
disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as
specifically permitted by state law.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. A court of competent
jurisdiction has exclusive authority to determine the existence, scope, and validity of the arbitration
agreement and the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim, including, without limitation, whether any
conditions precedent to the commencement of an arbitration have been completely satisfied and any
objections with respect to any of the foregoing.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send us an individual letter signed by you requesting
arbitration and describing your claim at 400 5th Avenue, Ste. 400, New York, NY 10110, USA. This letter
must be sent at least ten (10) days before you initiate an arbitration proceeding against us.
Any party to the arbitration may, at any time more than ten (10) days before arbitration, serve an offer of
compromise in writing upon any other party to the action. Offers of compromise pursuant to these Terms
will be adjudicated and interpreted in accordance with New York offer of judgment.
If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we
will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrator's fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator
deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the
arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in
such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your attorney is paying
the administrative costs, filings fees, arbitrator fees, and other associated arbitral costs on your behalf and
your attorneys may recover all or a portion of those fees only if you obtain an award in the arbitration, your
attorney must evenly split all costs with us initially.

2

This arbitration agreement does not preclude either party from seeking action by federal, state, or local
government agencies. You and we also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court or
transfer qualifying claims to small claims court. Either party may elect that a Claim be filed exclusively in
a small claims court of competent jurisdiction by providing notice to the other party. In the event a Claim
has already been filed in arbitration, the party who has filed that Claim will, within ten (10) days of receiving
such a notice, withdraw their Claim from arbitration. The parties will then proceed with the Claim
exclusively in small claims court. A party may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce the
terms of this paragraph.
In addition, you and we retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief,
including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions. Any such request shall not be deemed
incompatible with these Terms, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as
provided in these Terms.
Neither you nor ZARA may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a
member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. You may not bring Claims in arbitration on a
class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or ZARA individual Claims.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and ZARA each waive any right
to a jury trial.
The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law,
including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a “public
injunction” and any such “public injunction” may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party
seeks a “public injunction,” all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first
and any prayer or claim for a “public injunction” in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is
completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the party’s claim or prayer for “public
injunctive relief.” In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion
by the decision of the arbitrator.
If any provision of this Section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be
of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and
effect. No waiver of any provision of this Section of the Terms will be effective or enforceable unless
recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive
or affect any other portion of these Terms. This Section of the Terms will survive the termination of your
relationship with us.
THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT
ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF
CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS
PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF.
OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR ZARA WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE
AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.
Mass Arbitration Process Requirements
If twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against ZARA at or around the same time by the
same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (and your Claim is one such claim), you
understand and agree that the resolution of your Claim may be delayed. You also agree to the following

3

process and application of the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule and Supplementary
Rules. In any batching process, a single arbitrator shall preside over each proceeding, and only one
proceeding may be assigned to each arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise.
Twenty (20) claims shall be selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a first
batching process. Ten (10) of those claims will be selected by the claimants and ten (10) will be selected
by ZARA. The remaining claims shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be
assessed in connection with those claims until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration
proceedings as part of the staged process described in this Section. If the parties are unable to resolve the
remaining claims after the conclusion of the initial twenty (20) proceedings, the parties shall participate in
a global mediation session before a retired state or federal court judge. ZARA will pay the mediator's fee
for this global mediation session.
If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining claims through mediation at this time, then forty (40)
claims shall be selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a second batching process.
Twenty (20) of those claims will be selected by the claimants and twenty (20) will be selected by ZARA. If
there are fewer than forty (40) claims remaining, all shall proceed to individual arbitration at this time. The
remaining claims shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in
connection with those claims until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part
of the staged process described in this Section.
If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining claims after the conclusion of the forty (40) proceedings,
the parties shall participate in another global mediation session before a retired state or federal court judge.
ZARA will pay the mediator's fee for this global mediation session. If the parties are unable to resolve the
remaining claims in mediation at this time, this staged process shall continue with no more than one hundred
(100) claims proceeding at any time. The claims will proceed in a staged order that is selected randomly or
by the AAA, until all the coordinated claims, including your Claim, are adjudicated or otherwise resolved.
At any time during these proceedings, we agree to participate in a global mediation session should your
counsel request it in an effort to resolve all remaining claims.
Any applicable statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines on your Claims will be tolled for claims subject
to this section regarding "Mass Arbitration Process Requirements" from the time claims are selected for the
first set of batching proceedings until the time your Claim is selected to proceed in arbitration, withdrawn,
or otherwise resolved. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have authority to enforce this section
regarding “Mass Arbitration Process Requirements” and, if necessary, to enjoin the filing or prosecution of
arbitration demands against ZARA. If a court of competent jurisdiction declines to enforce these “Mass
Arbitration Process Requirements,” you and we agree that your and our counsel will engage in good faith
and with the assistance of a Process Arbitrator to devise and implement procedures that ensure that
arbitration remains efficient and cost-effective for all parties. Either party may engage with the AAA to
address reductions in arbitration fees.
Governing Law and Venue
Except as otherwise described in these Terms, any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Gift
Card Terms, the Privacy Policy, the Site, the Mobile App, and/or the ZARA Services shall be resolved in
accordance with the laws of state of New York, without regard to its conflict of law rules. To the extent any
action relating to these Terms, the use of the Website or ZARA Services, or any transaction with ZARA is
not required to be arbitrated or filed in small claims court in accordance with the Arbitration Agreement,
any disputes, actions or proceedings relating to these Terms or your access to or use of the Site, the Mobile
App, or ZARA Services must be brought in the Federal or state courts located in the state of New York and
you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.

4

3. USE OF OUR WEBSITE AND/OR MOBILE APP
You agree that:
1. You may only use the Website and/or Mobile App to make legitimate inquiries or orders.
2. You will not make any speculative, false or fraudulent orders. If we are reasonably of the opinion
that such an order has been made, we shall be entitled to cancel the order and inform the relevant
authorities.
3. You also agree to provide correct and accurate email, postal and/or other contact details to us and
acknowledge that we may use these details to contact you in the event that this should prove
necessary (see our Privacy Policy for more information on how we use your personal information).
4. If you do not give us all of the information that we need, we may not be able to complete your
order.
5. You will not attempt to interfere or interfere in any way with the Site's network, the Mobile App's
network, or our networks, or related network security, or attempt to use the Site's or Mobile App's
service to gain unauthorized access to any other computer system.
6. You will not use the Site or Mobile App to communicate, transmit, or post material that infringes
on the intellectual property, privacy or publicity right of another person or entity.
7. You will not use the Site or Mobile App to engage in conduct that would constitute a civil or
criminal offense, or that otherwise violates any city, state, national or international law or
regulation.
8. By placing an order through the Website or Mobile App, you represent and warrant that you are at
least 18 years old and are legally capable of entering into binding contracts.

4. SERVICE AVAILABILITY
Products offered through the Website and/or the Mobile App are only available for delivery to the fifty (50)
states and District of Columbia. At this time, we are unable to deliver to hotels, APO addresses, Puerto Rico,
and US territories, as well as freight companies.
5. HOW PURCHASE CONTRACTS ARE FORMED
No contract ("Contract") in respect of the purchase of a product offered on the Site or Mobile App shall
exist between you and us until your order has been accepted by us and we send you the Shipment
Confirmation (defined below). If we do not accept your order and funds have already been deducted from
your account, the funds will be fully refunded.
To place an order, you will be required to follow the shopping process online and press the "Authorize
Payment" button to submit the order. After this, you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we
have received your order (the "Order Confirmation"). Your order constitutes your offer to us to buy one or
more products from us for personal use and not for resale purposes. We reserve the right to limit, cancel or
prohibit orders that, in our judgment, appear to be placed in violation of this policy. We further reserve the
right to cease doing business with customers who violate this policy. All orders are subject to acceptance
by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email that confirms that the product
has been dispatched or, if you selected the Pick-up In Store option (where available), by sending you an
email and/or text message (if you so authorize at the time of purchase) that the product is available for instore pickup at the store you designated during the checkout process (collectively, the "Shipment
Confirmation"). We will not be bound to supply any other products which may have been part of your order
until the dispatch of such products has been confirmed in a separate Shipment Confirmation.

5

Notwithstanding the foregoing, your card or other method of payment will not be charged until your order
is accepted and shipped. However, it may show a pre-authorization of the funds immediately upon placing
the Order.
You acknowledge and agree that we do not make any warranty or guarantee regarding when product(s) will
be available for pickup through the Pick-up In Store option.
For all purchases made through the Site or the Mobile App, you acknowledge and agree that your purchase
receipt will be provided electronically only; paper copies of receipts will not be provided.
6. AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS
All orders for products are subject to availability and in this regard, in the event of supply difficulties or
because products are no longer in stock, we reserve the right to give you information about substitute
products of an equal or higher quality and value which you can order. If you do not wish to order such
substitute products, we will refund any monies that you might have paid.
If you have chosen the Pick-up In Store option, we reserve the right to subsequently notify you that the
product(s) you have ordered are not available for the Pick-up In Store option; in such a case, you will be
required to elect an alternate delivery method.
7. REFUSAL OF ORDER
We reserve the right to withdraw any product from the Website or Mobile App at any time and/or remove
or edit any materials or content on the Website or Mobile App. While we will make reasonable efforts to
process all orders, there may be exceptional circumstances that may require us to refuse to process an order
after we have sent you an Order Confirmation; and we reserve the right to refuse to process an order at any
time, at our sole discretion.
We will not be liable to you or any other third party by reason of our withdrawing any product from the
Website or Mobile App, whether it has been sold or not, removing or editing any materials or contents on
the Website or Mobile App or for refusing to process or accept an order after we have sent you the Order
Confirmation.
8. CANCELLATIONS
You may cancel an Order for certain products if the Order is still being processed (and has not gone to the
warehouse) to receive a refund to your original form of payment of the price paid. Otherwise, you must
return the product(s) in accordance with our Returns policy. The following products in an Order may not be
cancelled:
Monogrammed and/or Personalized products.
Returns and refunds of Gift Cards shall be governed by the Gift Card Terms, which may be found at: Gift
Card Conditions.
9. DELIVERY
Subject to the provisions of Clause 6 above, and unless there are any exceptional circumstances, we will
endeavor to fulfill your order for product(s) listed in the Shipment Confirmation by the delivery date set out
in the Shipment Confirmation or, if no estimated delivery date is specified, within 15 business days of the

6

date of the Shipment Confirmation. Delivery to Alaska and Hawaii may take up to 20 business days of the
Shipment Confirmation.
Reasons for delay could include:
1. Customization of products;
2. Specialized products; 3. Unforeseen circumstances; or
4. Delivery area.
For signature required deliveries (which is generally determined by the carrier), we will after the initial
delivery, make two (2) additional attempts to deliver your parcel before initiating a return. For the purpose
of these Terms, the "delivery" shall be deemed to have occurred or the goods shall be deemed to "have been
delivered" upon receipt of the product(s) at the designated delivery address at the designated delivery
address, or upon in-store pickup, as applicable. However, e-/virtual gift cards shall be deemed to "have been
delivered" in accordance with the Gift Card Terms pertaining to gift cards which may be found at: Gift Card
Conditions and, in any case, on the date of delivery of such e/virtual gift card to the email address indicated
by you on the order form. For all other packages, we will try to find a safe secure place to leave your parcel
as determined by the carrier delivering the package. In the event of a repeated issue with any particular
address provided for you, we reserve the right to request an alternate address in order to fulfill your next
Order.
IF YOU CHOOSE THE PICK-UP IN STORE OPTION, YOU WILL BE REQUIRED TO SHOW A
GOVERNMENT ISSUED IDENTIFICATION. In order to pick up orders placed through the Pick-up In
Store option, you (or a third party designated by you) must provide the order number found on the electronic
purchase receipt, together with the purchaser’s name and one form of government issued identification. If
someone other than you picks up your order, we will record their name for confirming delivery purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that the Pick-up In Store option is only available at participating locations,
which locations are subject to change without notice. You further agree that the Website’s or Mobile App's
ordering functionality is intended for off-site use only and is not for use for placing an order from within a
ZARA store.
10. UNABLE TO DELIVER
Please note that an Order may be delivered to a neighbor, in case a delivery attempt is unsuccessful. Delivery
to a neighbor address is upon judgment of the driver. Signature required orders which cannot be delivered
will be returned to warehouse as stated above. The carrier will generally determine if the parcel can be left
in a secure place at your delivery address. Your package may be returned to us if there is no safe place to
leave the package at the point of delivery. For lost or missing packages, we will provide you with the
information of the carrier and tracking number associated with your order so that you may contact them
directly to track your package. Please note that we are not responsible for lost packages sent to mail
forwarding providers.
This clause does not apply to e/virtual gift cards, whose delivery shall be governed by the Gift Card Terms
pertaining to gifts cards which may be found at: Gift Card Conditions and the gift card conditions provided
in clause 9 above.
11. RISK AND TITLE
The product(s) will be at your risk from the time of delivery. Ownership of the product(s) will only pass to
you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the products, including delivery charges, or
upon delivery (as defined in Clause 9 above), whichever event occurs later in time.

7

12. PRICE AND PAYMENT
The price of the products shall be the one quoted from time to time on our Website or Mobile App, except
where there is an error. While we take care to ensure that all prices quoted on our Website or Mobile App
are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any product(s) you have ordered, we
will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming the order at the correct price or
cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you, the order will be treated as cancelled and if you have already
paid for the product(s) you will receive a full refund.
We are under no obligation to sell the product(s) to you at the incorrect (lower) price (even after we have
sent you a Shipment Confirmation) if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have
reasonably been recognized by you as such. All prices are exclusive of shipping charges and sales tax (if
applicable). The total cost of the order is the price of the product(s) ordered plus the delivery charge and
sales tax (if applicable). Prices may change at any time.
Sales tax is charged (if applicable) according to the shipping address of your order as required by applicable
law.
Once you have finished shopping on the Website, all the products you wish to purchase are added to your
basket. Your next step will be to go through the checkout process and make payment.
Payment for orders will be made to ZARA USA, Inc. The amount of the purchase will not be charged to
your original payment method until your order has been shipped to the delivery address. By clicking on the
"Finalize Order" button, you are confirming that the chosen method of payment is yours or that you are the
owner of the gift card or of the merchandise credit card. Cards are subject to validation checks and
authorization by your card issuer. If we do not receive the required authorization, we will not be liable for
any delay or non-delivery.
If payment is made via PayPal, Apple Pay, gift card or merchandise credit card issued by Zara USA Inc.,
the amount will be charged upon confirmation of your order.
Ordering through electronic devices in store, and making payment for those purchases: If you are placing
your order through one of the electronic devices that may be available at certain Zara stores in the United
States, you must follow the steps of the purchase process that appear on the device, completing or verifying
the information requested in each step. Throughout the purchase process, before payment, you can modify
the details of your order. You much choose your payment mandated and whether or not you require a gift
receipt (if one is available), before you place the order. Please note that a binding order is placed at the time
that you press the relevant “authorize” or “finalize order” button on the device screen, at that point you are
then bound to pay for your order once it has been placed.
Payment may be made by Visa, MasterCard, American Express card and any other card accepted at the
store. Any legally permissible validation of checks and authorization of your card will apply. You may also
be given the option to pay for your order at the till in which case, your payment can be made by and any of
the means of payment available in that store. Payment via Dinners Club and JCB will not be accepted.
Orders paid for at the till the using in-store devices are subject to the return policy set forth below in section
13 (c).
13. RETURNS AND EXCHANGE POLICY
(a) Online Purchases:

8

Subject to the conditions set forth below, Zara will gladly accept returns or exchanges of new, unworn,
unwashed, and unaltered merchandise with all internal garment tags intact with your original receipt within
thirty (30) days of the date of the Shipment Confirmation e-mail, unless a longer period of time is specified
in writing at the time of purchase, Order Confirmation, or Shipment Confirmation purchased on the US
Zara site. Refunds are made in the form of original payment. If the original form of payment is not available,
please contact Customer Service. For purchases using a gift card only, refund will be made in the form of a
merchandise credit.
If you wish to make a return for an online purchase, you may do so: (1) in person, at no additional cost, at
any ZARA store in the United States (excluding Puerto Rico) that contains the product section to which the
product you want to return belongs or (2) drop off location of the courier shown on our prepaid return label
within thirty (30) days of the date of the Shipment Confirmation, unless a longer period of time is specified
in writing at the time of purchase, Order Confirmation, or Shipment Confirmation e-mail. You will be
charged a shipping fee for returns made at a drop off location. You should send the product in the same
package received by following the directions contained in the section regarding "RETURNS" within the
Help section posted to our Website.. We are not responsible for lost packages. The cost of expedited
shipping to you for the original order (if applicable) is not subject to refund. We are also not responsible for
non-Zara merchandise included in any returns. If you have any doubts you can contact us through our
“Contact Us” webpage or at the telephone number 1-855 635 9272.
You may also request an exchange online if you made the purchase as a Registered User for Zara products
only. You will have fourteen (14) days from the date you request the exchange to return the original Zara
item(s). If you do not return the original item within fourteen (14) days, a charge will be applied for the
amount of the original ordered item to the original method of payment. Exchanges of online purchases using
PayPal or Apple Pay are not available at this time.
Terms and Conditions for Gift cards and store credits are available at Zara stores and
www.zara.com/us. Store or merchandise credits may not be converted to cash at any point, except as
required by applicable law. For further information on returns and exchanges for online purchases please
visit www.zara.com/us.
Please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund to appear on your bank statement (due to different banking
institution policies). Merchandise (including Gift Cards and merchandise credit cards) purchased in Puerto
Rico or outside of the US are not returnable or exchangeable in the US. Price adjustments will not be
honored for any marked-down merchandise. Undergarments & swimwear are returnable or exchangeable,
as long as they remain in the original packaging and the hygiene sticker remains attached. Accessories,
cosmetics and perfumes must be unused, in their original condition and original packaging. Subject to
applicable law, on sale merchandise is sold “as-is”.
Zara reserves the right to refuse returns of any merchandise that does not meet the above return requirements
in Zara’s sole discretion.
Our Company takes the security and integrity of our services seriously, and we may take necessary actions,
including closing an account or refusing returns, if we suspect any fraudulent behavior, excessive returns,
or violations of our terms and conditions.
For any questions or more information go to our Help section at www.zara.com/us. This policy is in addition
to and does not affect consumers’ rights under any applicable law.
Please include with the product being returned all original boxes, instructions, documents, and wrappings.
After reviewing the product, we will let you know whether or not you have a right to a refund based on our
Return and Exchange policy conditions. We will process your refund as soon as possible and in any case;

9

within thirty (30) days of the date the returned goods have been received by us. We will refund any money
received from you using the same method used to make payment if the card is available. If not, subject to
any legal requirements, we will issue you merchandise credit or check as dictated by the circumstances as
concluded by the company. Merchandise credits do not expire.
Monogrammed or customized products are not returnable or exchangeable.
Return of gift cards or purchases shall be governed by the Gift Card Terms pertaining to gift cards which
may be found at: Gift Card Conditions.
(b) Online -Zara Home Purchases:
Subject to the conditions set forth below, Zara will gladly accept returns or exchanges of new, unused,
unworn, unwashed, and unaltered Zara Home merchandise purchased on www.zara.com only with all
internal tags intact with your original receipt within thirty (30) days of the date of the Shipment
Confirmation e-mail, unless a longer period of time is specified in writing at the time of purchase, Order
Confirmation, or Shipment Confirmation purchased on the US Zara site. Refunds are made in the form of
original payment. If the original form of payment is not available, please contact Customer Service. For
purchases using a gift card only, refund will be made in the form of a merchandise credit.
If you wish to make a return you may do so: (1) in person, at no additional cost, at any ZARA store in the
United States (excluding Puerto Rico) for product that has not been designated as bulky or (2) drop off
location of the courier shown on our prepaid return label within thirty (30) days of the date of the Shipment
Confirmation, unless a longer period of time is specified in writing at the time of purchase, Order
Confirmation, or Shipment Confirmation e-mail. You will be charged a shipping fee for returns made at a
drop off location. You should send the product in the same package received by following the directions
contained in the section regarding "RETURNS" within the Help section posted to our Website.. We are not
responsible for lost packages. The cost of expedited shipping to you for the original order (if applicable) is
not subject to refund. We are also not responsible for non-Zara merchandise included in any returns. If you
have any doubts you can contact us through our “Contact Us” webpage or at the telephone number 1- 855
635 9272. Some bulky items are not eligible for store return. For bulky items you can request the return by
courier arranged by us. You must contact us through our web form to arrange for the product to be collected
at your home. You should send the product in the same package received by following the directions on the
"RETURNS" section of this website.
Please include with the product being returned all original boxes, instructions, documents, and wrappings.
After reviewing the product, we will let you know whether or not you have a right to a refund. We will
process your refund as soon as possible and in any case; within thirty (30) of the date the returned goods
have been received by us. If your card expires before we process your refund please contact our customer
service team with your order number, zip code, and new card details. For security reasons, we cannot accept
this information via email.
Products which are not in the same condition as they were at the time of delivery or which have been used
beyond the mere opening of the package shall not be exchanged or refunded.
Undergarments & swimwear are returnable or exchangeable, as long as they remain in the original
packaging and the hygiene sticker remains attached. Accessories and perfumes must be in their original
condition and original packaging. Subject to applicable law, on sale merchandise is sold “as-is”.
(c) In-Store Purchases:

10

Subject to the conditions set forth below, Zara will gladly accept returns or exchanges of new, unworn,
unwashed, and unaltered merchandise with all internal garment tags intact with your original receipt within
thirty (30) days of the original purchase date. Refunds are made in the form of original payment. If the
original form of payment is not available or for purchases with a gift card only, a customer making a return
within thirty (30) days of purchase will be provided with a merchandise credit. We do not accept returns
without a receipt. A written copy of this policy is available upon request.
For purchases by credit or debit cards, please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund to appear on your
statement (due to different banking institution policies). Merchandise (including Gift Cards and
merchandise credit cards) purchased in Puerto Rico or outside of the US are not returnable or exchangeable
in the US. Price adjustments will not be honored for any marked-down merchandise. Undergarments &
swimwear are returnable or exchangeable, as long as they remain in the original packaging and the hygiene
sticker remains attached. Accessories, cosmetics, and perfumes must be unused in their original condition
and original packaging. Subject to applicable law, on sale merchandise is sold “as-is”. Monogrammed or
customized products are not returnable or exchangeable.
Terms and Conditions for Gift cards and store credits are available at Zara stores and
www.zara.com/us. Store credits may not be converted to cash at any point, except as required by applicable
law. PayPal and Apple Pay orders are not exchangeable online. For further information on returns and
exchanges for online purchases please visit www.zara.com/us.
Zara reserves the right to refuse returns of any merchandise that does not meet the above return requirements
in Zara’s sole discretion.
For any questions or more information go to our Help section at www.zara.com/us. This policy is in addition
to and does not affect consumers’ rights under any applicable law.
(c) Returns of Product Ordered through Electronic Devices in Store, paid for at the Till:
Please note that orders that were originally placed through an electronic device in a Zara store in the US and
that were paid for at the till of that store, may only be returned or exchanged at a Zara store in the US. They
are not returnable or exchangeable by mail or any other method otherwise available.
(d) Returns of defective products
In circumstances where you consider that the product does not conform to your order, you should promptly
contact us by telephone at 1-855 635 9272 or via chat with details of the product and a description of the
defect.
You may return the Zara product purchased in the United States to us in person at any ZARA store in the
United States that contains the product section to which the product you want to return belongs, via the drop
off location of the courier shown on our pre-paid return label, or by giving the products to the Courier
arranged by us. Upon receipt of the returned product, we will fully examine it and notify you of your right
to a replacement or refund (if any) via email within a reasonable period of time. We aim to process the
refund or replacement as soon as possible and, in any case, within thirty (30) days of the date we confirmed
to you via email that you are entitled to a refund or replacement for the non-conforming product.
If any defect exists, defective products will be refunded in full, including a refund of the delivery charges
(if any) and any reasonable costs incurred by you in returning the product. We will always refund any money
to the original method of payment used to make payment provided the same is available. If not, we will

11

issue a merchandise credit. Any defective product claim must be brought withing 24 months after initial
purchase, otherwise it shall be deemed waived.
14. PRE ORDERED ITEMS/ZARA EDITED
(a) Pre-Ordered Items: which include personalized, edited or monogrammed items (also sometimes referred
to “Pre-Sale” items) may be subject to longer delivery times, which will be shown on the website but, within
thirty (30) days from the date of the Order Confirmation, subject to force majeure or events beyond our
control.
Orders containing regular products with Pre-Order Items ("Mixed Orders"), may be delivered separately
and in different periods. Once the Pre-Ordered products have been prepared, we will contact you to inform
you that they are being shipped ("Shipping Confirmation").
For Mixed Orders, the cancellation period will expire 14 calendar days from the day the last item in your
Order is delivered to you or your designated recipient. If you make a purchase of a Pre-Ordered product,
these conditions will also apply. The foregoing is without prejudice to the Return Policy.
(b) ZARA EDITED: The website has a specific section called ZARA EDITED, where subject to the
conditions set forth therein, certain limited products may be personalized with certain, personalization,
monogramming and/or embroidering selected by you. In said section, you will be able to find additional
information regarding this service.
Kindly bear in mind, that due to technology and colors and patterns among other things beyond our control,
certain colors, sizes and texture may vary from those set forth in the website Additionally, as set forth in the
return policy, monogrammed, personalized, embroidered, known as ZARA EDITED items are not eligible
for exchange or return.
You guarantee that are rightfully authorized to use the texts and personalized items to be added to the
personalization of the articles to be EDITED. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to refuse
any personalization or cancel such order for the same for failure to comply with these conditions; you are
ultimately responsible for the personalization requested. We may also refuse any personalization that may
consist or include inappropriate elements, intellectual property belonging to others, or other reasons, which
may include messages that contain profane, hateful, discriminatory or otherwise objectionable words,
phrases or symbols. We do not assume the obligation to verify, nor the responsibility for texts or elements
that make part of the personalization chosen by you. We assume no liability over any claims or damages by
users of the site or third party deriving directly or indirectly from the ZARA EDITED services and or
products.
15. BROWSING SESSION INFORMATION

We use technologies that maintain records of your browsing sessions, chats, and other activities
on our Site and Mobile App. These technologies may include session replay that maintains a
record of your interactions with our Site and Mobile App, chat providers that maintain a
transcript of your chats, cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies that share some of your
interactions with our Site and Mobile App, as well as other technologies that collect and share
your interactions with our Site and Mobile App. We use this information for quality control,
customer service, fraud prevention and security, and marketing purposes and in accordance with
our Privacy Policy

12

16. LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS
We publish information on the Site and Mobile App as a convenience to you. While we attempt to provide
accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and
typographical errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the Site or Mobile App at any
time without notice. The products described in the Site or Mobile App may not be available in your region.
We do not claim that the information in the Site or Mobile App is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that
the products described in the Site or Mobile App will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions.
YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE
OR MOBILE APP, WHICH IS PROVIDED "AS IS." WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
REPRESENTATIONS AND ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
WITH REGARD TO INFORMATION ACCESSED FROM OR VIA THE SITE OR MOBILE APP,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTENT AND MATERIALS, FUNCTIONS AND
SERVICES PROVIDED ON THE SITE OR MOBILE APP, WHICH ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES
CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, USEFULNESS, OR
CONTENT OF INFORMATION, UNINTERRUPTED ACCESS, AND ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE
DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR MOBILE APP, OR THEIR FUNCTIONS OR CONTENT
AND MATERIALS OR THE SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THEREBY WILL BE TIMELY,
SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. WE
MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR MOBILE APP WILL MEET USERS' EXPECTATIONS
OR REQUIREMENTS. NO ADVICE, RESULTS OR INFORMATION, OR MATERIALS WHETHER
ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITE OR MOBILE APP SHALL
CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH
THE SITE OR MOBILE APP, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE OR
MOBILE APP. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE
USE OF THE SITE OR MOBILE APP IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND
THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT RESULTS FROM THE
DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
We make no warranties of any kind regarding any non-ZARA sites or mobile apps to which you may be
directed or hyperlinked from the Site or Mobile App. Hyperlinks are included solely for your convenience,
and we make no representations or warranties with regard to the accuracy, availability, suitability or safety
of information provided in such non-ZARA sites or mobile apps. We do not endorse, warrant or guarantee
any products or services offered or provided by or on behalf of third parties on the Site or Mobile App.
IN NO EVENT SHALL ZARA, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO
YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) (COLLECTIVELY,
“DAMAGES”) ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY
TO USE, OR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR MOBILE APP, THE ZARA SERVICES, OR
THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FUNCTIONALITY ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE
SITE OR MOBILE APP, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR
ANTICIPATED PROFITS, OR LOST BUSINESS, DATA OR SALES, EVEN IF ZARA OR ITS
REPRESENTATIVE OR SUCH INDIVIDUAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

13

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THIS LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR
EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE
LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT APPLY TO A
RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT
ARE THE RESULT OF ZARA’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, OR RECKLESS ACT(S) OR
INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE
MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES OR THE
CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
You will indemnify and hold harmless ZARA, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and directors from
and against any and all fines, penalties, liabilities, losses and other damages of any kind whatsoever
(including attorneys’ and experts’ fees), incurred by ZARA and such parties, and shall defend ZARA and
such parties against any and all claims arising out of (1) your use of the website or breach of these Terms
and Conditions; (2) fraud you commit, or your intentional misconduct or gross negligence; and (3) your
violation of any applicable U.S. or foreign law or the rights of a third party. ZARA will control the defense
of any claim to which indemnity may apply, and in any event, you shall not settle any claim without the
approval of ZARA.
Due to the open nature of the Website and/or Mobile App, and the potential for errors in the storage and
transmission of digital information, we do not warrant the accuracy and security of information transmitted
to or obtained from the Website or Mobile App unless otherwise expressly set out on the Website or Mobile
App.
17. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Site and Mobile App, including all of its information and contents, such as text, data, wallpaper, icons,
characters, artwork, images, photographs, graphics, music, sound, messages, graphics, software and the
HTML used to generate the pages (collectively, "Materials"), is ZARA property or that of our suppliers or
licensors and is protected by patent, trademark and/or copyright under United States and/or foreign laws.
Except as otherwise provided on the Site, the Mobile App, or in these Terms, you may not use, download,
upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, modify, delete, add to, license, post, transmit, or
distribute any Materials from the Site or Mobile App in whole or in part, for any public or commercial
purpose without the specific prior written permission of ZARA. We grant you a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to access the Site and/or Mobile App and to use the information and
services contained on the Site and/or Mobile App. We reserve the right, for any reason or for no reason, in
our sole discretion and without notice to you, to revise the products and services described on the Site or
Mobile App and to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site or Mobile App,
including, but not limited to, the Materials on the Site or Mobile App as well as features and/or hours of
availability of the Site or Mobile App, and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for doing so.
Subject to Clause 27, we may also impose rules for and limits on use of the Site or Mobile App or restrict
your access to part, or all, of the Site or Mobile App without notice or penalty. We have the right to change
these rules and/or limitations at any time, in our sole discretion.
As between you and ZARA, (or any other company whose marks appear on the Site or Mobile App), ZARA
(or the respective company) is the owner and/or authorized user of any registered or unregistered trademark,
trade name and/or service mark appearing on the Site or Mobile App, and is the copyright owner or licensee
of the Materials on the Site or Mobile App, unless otherwise indicated. The ZARA logos, designs, titles,
phrases and product names and the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and/or other
intellectual property in such materials (collectively, "ZARA Intellectual Property") are owned by ZARA

14

and may be registered in the United States and internationally. You agree not to display or use the ZARA
Intellectual Property in any manner without ZARA's prior permission. Nothing on the Site or Mobile App
should be construed to grant any license or right to use any ZARA Intellectual Property without the prior
written consent of ZARA.
Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Site or Mobile App does not grant you a license to any
Materials or features you may access on the Site or Mobile App and you may not modify, rent, lease, loan,
sell, distribute or create derivative works of such Materials, features or materials, in whole or in part. Any
commercial use of the Site or Mobile App is strictly prohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise
approved by us. You may not download or save a copy of any of the Materials or screens for any purpose
except as otherwise provided by ZARA. If you make use of the Site or Mobile App, other than as provided
herein, in doing so you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, Ireland, and/or other
countries, as well as applicable state laws, and you may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use.
The information on the Site or Mobile App including, without limitation, all site design, text, graphics,
interfaces, and the selection and arrangements is protected by law including, but not limited to, copyright
law. This does not prevent you from using the Website or Mobile App to the extent necessary to make a
copy of any order.
ZARA makes no claim that the Site or Mobile App may be lawfully viewed or that content may be
downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the content may not be legal by certain persons or in
certain countries. If you access the Site or Mobile App from outside the United States, you do so at your
own risk, and you are responsible for compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction.
18. COPYRIGHT AND/OR TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT
If you believe a work on the Site or Mobile App constitutes infringement of your copyright, trademark or
other intellectual property rights please provide our Designated Agent with a written communication
containing the following information:
1. evidence of your authorization to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work or trademark;
2. a description of the copyrighted work or trademark that you claim has been infringed;
3. description of where the alleged infringing material is located on the Site or Mobile App, including
the permalink where the material is located;
4. your address, telephone number, and email address;
5. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
copyright owner or trademark owner, its agent, or the law;
6. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is
accurate and that you are the copyright owner or trademark owner or authorized to act on the
owner's behalf; and
7. your physical or electronic signature.
ZARA's Designated Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement and trademark infringement can
be reached at zara.usterms@inditex.com
19. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold ZARA, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless
from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, in
any way arising from, related to or in connection with your (including your dependents’ or agents’) violation
of these Terms or the posting or transmission of any materials on or through the Site or Mobile App by you,

15

including, but not limited to, any third party claim that any information or materials you provide infringes
any third party proprietary right.
20. WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS
When using our Site or Mobile App, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We
will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on our Website or Mobile
App, push notifications or messages. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of
communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that
we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
21. REGISTRATION, PASSWORDS, AND SECURITY

To access some of our services you will have to complete an online registration form. You agree that all
information which you submit ("Registration Information") is true and complete and that you will update
your Registration Information to keep this information true and complete.
Upon registering, you will create a password. You are solely responsible for any use of or action taken under
your password on the Site or Mobile App. Your password may be used only to review information regarding
potential and completed transactions, purchase or cancel purchases of products, change your preferences,
post content and otherwise access and use the Site, the Mobile App, and services on the Site or Mobile App
in accordance with these Terms. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security
of your password, and you hereby agree not to disclose your password to any third party (other than third
parties authorized by you to use your account). You accept full responsibility for all transactions and other
activities placed or conducted through your account and agree to and hereby release ZARA from any and
all liability concerning such transactions or activity. You agree to notify ZARA immediately of any actual
or suspected loss, theft or unauthorized use of your account or password. ZARA has no obligation to inquire
as to the authority or propriety of any use of or action taken under your password and will not be responsible
for any loss to you arising from any such use or action or from your failure to comply with the above. ZARA
will take reasonable security precautions when using the Internet, telephone or other means to transport data
or other communications, but expressly disclaims any and all liability for the accessing of any such data or
communications by unauthorized persons or entities.
22. POSTED CONTENT AND SUBMISSIONS

As part of your use of the Site or Mobile App and services offered on the Site or Mobile App, you may
upload, post, distribute or disseminate (collectively, "post") content and material (including but not limited
to, photographs, images you have taken, captions and comments), or you may send or email us material
(including but not limited to, photographs you have taken, articles you have written, captions, and
comments) which we, at our discretion, may allow you to post (collectively, the "Posted Content") on the
Site or Mobile App. You hereby grant ZARA a right (including any moral rights) and worldwide license to
use the Posted Content on the Site or Mobile App and to promote and advertise the Site or Mobile App and
ZARA in any way.
You also warrant that if you are not the holder of any such rights, the holder of such rights has completely
and effectively waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted you the right to grant the license
stated above. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy
of any Posted Content. You agree that you will not post any false, inaccurate material or delete or revise
any material that was not posted by you. You are responsible for your own postings and are responsible for
the consequences of your postings. You agree not to do any of the following:

16

post any material that is copyrighted or trademarked unless you own the copyright or
trademark or have the owner's permission (including requisite consents and releases) to
post it;
post any material that reveals a trade secret, unless you own the trade secret or have the
owner's permission to post it;
post any material that infringes on any intellectual property right of another or on the
privacy or publicity rights of another;
post any material that is unlawful, obscene, pornographic, sexual, indecent, defamatory,
threatening, harassing, abusive or hateful to another user or to any other person or entity;
post any chain letter or pyramid scheme; or
post any material that contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb or other computer
programming routine or engine that is intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with,
surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information.

ZARA does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any Posted Content or
endorse any opinions expressed by a user. You acknowledge that any reliance on Posted Content by other
users will be at your own risk. ZARA does not confirm that each user is who he or she claims to be. ZARA
exercises a great effort to protect Posted Content from being misused. However, if misuse has occurred
ZARA is in no way liable for such misuse. Because ZARA is not involved in user-to-user dealings and does
not control the behavior of participants on the Site or Mobile App, in the event that you have a dispute with
one or more users, you release ZARA from any claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential,
direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed
and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute. ZARA acts as a passive conduit
for Posted Content and has no obligation to screen or monitor Posted Content. If ZARA becomes aware of
any Posted Content that allegedly may not conform to these Terms, ZARA may investigate the allegation
and determine in its sole discretion whether to take action in accordance with these Terms. ZARA has no
liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities. You may find some
Posted Content to be offensive, indecent, harmful, inaccurate, objectionable, mislabeled or deceptively
labeled. ZARA expects that you will use caution and common sense when using the Site and Services.
ZARA HAS THE ABSOLUTE RIGHT TO REMOVE AND/OR DELETE WITHOUT NOTICE ANY
POSTED CONTENT THAT IT DEEMS OBJECTIONABLE. YOU CONSENT TO SUCH REMOVAL
AND/OR DELETION AND WAIVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST ZARA FOR SUCH REMOVAL AND/OR
DELETION.
ZARA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR FAILURE TO STORE POSTED CONTENT OR
OTHER MATERIALS YOU TRANSMIT THROUGH THE SITE OR MOBILE APP. YOU SHOULD
TAKE MEASURES TO PRESERVE COPIES OF ANY DATA, MATERIAL, CONTENT OR
INFORMATION YOU POST ON THE SITE OR MOBILE APP.
We are pleased to hear from our visitors and welcome your comments. Because of the large number of ideas
and works that ZARA has already developed, or that have been suggested to us by third parties, the
possibility exists that any idea, suggestion or submission that you may make through the Site or Mobile App
is similar to information, ideas or suggestions already known to us. By disclosing any information, idea,
suggestion or other material through the Site or Mobile App, you agree that (a) no confidential relationship
is established by virtue of such submission and that the material is not submitted in confidence and (b) no
obligation of any kind is assumed by, nor may be implied against, ZARA by virtue of such submission.
Moreover, no liability shall result from the use of such information, ideas or suggestions by ZARA.

17

23. NOTICES
All notices given by you to us should be given to us preferably via the avenues of contact provided on our
"Contact Us” webpage. Subject to and as otherwise specified in Clause 2 and 18 above, we may give notice
to you via either the email, message, push notification (if consent has been provided) or postal address you
provide to us when placing an order.
Notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on our Website or Mobile
App, 24 hours after an email is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter mailed. In proving
the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly
addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an email that such email was sent to the
specified email address of the addressee.
24. BINDING NATURE; ASSIGNMENT
These Terms, the Gift Card Terms, and our Privacy Policy are binding on you and us and on our respective
heirs, successors and assigns. You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of these Terms, the
Gift Card Terms, or our Privacy Policy, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our
prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of these Terms,
the Gift Card Terms, and our Privacy Policy, or any of our rights or obligations arising under them, at any
time.
25. EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of any of our
obligations under an order you have placed that is caused by events outside our control (a "Force Majeure
Event"). A Force Majeure Event shall include any act, event, non- happening, omission or accident beyond
our reasonable control and shall include in particular (without limitation) the following:
1. Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action.
2. Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared
or not) or threat or preparation for war.
3. Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster.
4. Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or
private transport.
5. Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks.
6. The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.
7. Any shipping, postal or other relevant transport strike, failure or accidents.
Our performance under any order you have placed is deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force
Majeure Event continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that
period. We will use our reasonable endeavors to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a
solution by which our obligations may be performed despite the Force Majeure Event.
26. WAIVER
No failure of ZARA to enforce any of its rights or remedies under these Terms or the Gift Card Terms will
act as a waiver of such rights and remedies. A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of
any subsequent default. No waiver by us of any of these Terms or Gift Card Terms shall be effective unless
it is signed by ZARA, expressly stated to be a waiver, and is communicated to you in writing in accordance
with the provisions of the clause on Notices (Clause 23) above.

18

27. SEVERABILITY
If any of these Terms or any provisions of an order are determined by any competent authority to be invalid,
unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed
from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent
permitted by law.
28. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms and any document expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement between you
and us in relation to the subject matter of these Terms and supersede any prior agreement, understanding or
arrangement between you and us, whether oral or in writing. Both you and us acknowledge that, in entering
into these Terms, neither you nor us has relied on any representation, undertaking or promise given by the
other or implied from anything said or written in negotiations between you and us prior to such Terms,
except as expressly stated in these Terms.
29. OUR RIGHT TO MODIFY THESE TERMS
We have the right to revise and amend these Terms at any time. Any changes to the Terms are effective
upon their posting to the Site.
30. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR USERS OF THE MOBILE APP PLATFORM
30.1 Users of the Apple Mobile App Platform. If you download and/or use our Site and/or apps using an
iPhone or iPad: You, the end-user of Mobile App, acknowledge that these Terms are entered into by and
between ZARA and you and not with Apple, Inc., and Apple, Inc. is not responsible for the Mobile App
and/or its content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that Apple, Inc. and its subsidiaries are
third-party beneficiaries of these Terms and that Apple, Inc. has the right (and is deemed to have accepted
the right) to enforce these Terms. You acknowledge that Apple, Inc. has no obligation whatsoever to
maintain or support the Mobile App. You acknowledge that you have reviewed the App Store Terms and
Conditions (located online at http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#APPS). These Terms
incorporate by reference the Licensed Platform End User License Agreement (the
“LAEULA”)
published
by
Apple,
Inc.
(located
online
at
http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/appstore/dev/stdeula/). For purposes of these Terms, the Mobile App is
considered the “Licensed Platform” as defined in the LAEULA and ZARA is considered the “Platform
Provider” as defined in the LAEULA. If any terms of these Terms conflict with the terms of the LAEULA,
the terms of these Terms shall control. You further acknowledge and agree that in no event will Apple, Inc.
be responsible for any claims relating to the Mobile App (including, without limitation, a third party claim
that the Mobile App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights) or your use or possession of the
Mobile App, including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Mobile App
fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer
protection or similar legislation. You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, Apple, Inc. will have no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Mobile App.
30.2 Mobile App Platform Updates. We may make available for download certain Mobile App updates
or upgrades to the Mobile App to update, enhance, or further develop the Mobile App (“Platform Updates”).
The license granted herein allows you to download and use the Platform Updates to update the Mobile App
on any device that you own or control. This Agreement does not allow you to update devices that you do
not own or control, and you may not make the Platform Updates available over a network where it could be
used by multiple devices or multiple computers at the same time. You may not make any copies of the
Platform Updates, unless such copy is authorized in writing by us.

19

Except as and only to the extent permitted by applicable law, or by licensing terms governing use of opensourced components included with the Mobile App, you may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer,
disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Mobile App,
Platform Updates, or any part thereof. Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of ZARA and its
licensors of the Mobile App and Platform Updates. By storing content on your device, you are making a
digital copy. In some jurisdictions, it is unlawful to make digital copies without prior permission from the
rights holder. The Mobile App and Platform Updates may be used to reproduce materials so long as such
use is limited to reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or
materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce.
We may, at our discretion, automatically upload Platform Updates to your device. You agree to accept these
Platform Updates, and to pay for any costs associated with receiving them. The Mobile App and Platform
Updates are subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and
international export laws and regulations that apply to the Mobile App and Platform Updates. These laws
include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.
Uses of the Mobile App expressly consent to receive push notifications from and on behalf of ZARA.
30.3 Additional Terms and Conditions of Use of Zara App Features. These additional Terms and
Conditions of Use (the "Terms") specifically govern the access to and use of the services and various
features available on ZARA App (as defined below). These Terms are in addition and without prejudice to
the Purchase and Terms and Conditions of www.zara.com which unless expressly set forth shall be
applicable to these App Terms.
Features available on the App include: (i) the option to purchase goods via the ZARA App, this being
deemed to be a purchase made on the Online Store, and therefore subject to the Purchase Conditions of
www.zara.com; (ii) the option to manage receipts for purchases made on ZARAs website and Zara App
(collectively the “Online Store”) and, (iii) the option to receive an electronic receipt or electronic proof of
purchase, by ZARA showing the designated exclusive QR at a US Zara Store (Physical Stores). Both
Physical Stores and Online Stores are operated in the US by Zara USA, Inc.
30.4

General Description of the Service

30.4.1 Purchase of goods on www.zara.com via ZARA’s APP
Customers can purchase goods on www.zara.com via ZARA’s App. Therefore, purchases made using the
App are deemed to be purchases made on the Online Store and as such, are subject to the Purchase
Conditions of www.zara.com, which you need to accept upon purchasing any items.
30.4.2 Management of receipts for purchases made on the Online Store
The receipts for purchases made on the ZARA Online Store will be stored on the App, specifically in the
‘My Purchases’ section.
30.4.3 Obtaining an electronic receipt

20

When paying for a purchase in Physical Stores, you may request a receipt in electronic format. To do so,
the QR code on the App that will be displayed for this purpose must be presented so that the receipt can be
automatically sent to the App.
From this moment on, you may make exchanges or returns at Physical Stores using said receipt, under the
applicable Terms and Conditions, according to the return policy of ZARA, and, in any event, in accordance
with current applicable legislation.
In this instance, you will not be issued a paper receipt. Therefore, it is paramount that you understand that
by using this QR code you expressly request the e-receipt or the proof of purchase in electronic form, thus
opting out of receiving it in paper form. In any case, you may always request the paper receipt by contacting
our Customer Service, via any of the means of communication advertised on the ZARA website.
If you choose to de-register as a user, you may request, during the de-registering process, that all the
receipts stored in the App be sent by email to an email address provided.
30.4.4 Scan receipts
If your original receipt is in paper format, you can generate a digital version of the same receipt by scanning
the QR code that is found printed on the receipt. From then on, you can use this electronic receipt to make
returns in Physical Stores, although please note that any returns will always be in accordance with the
relevant terms and conditions, ZARA’s return policy, and applicable law.
30.5

Availability of Services Offered Via the App

In accordance with applicable laws, we reserve the right to amend, suspend or delete, at any time, at our
sole discretion and without prior notice, be it generally or in particular for one or more users, any or all of
ZARA’S App features, and to modify, suspend or delete, under the same terms, the availability of all or part
of the Service.
30.6

Liability

Except in those cases where the exclusion of liability is legally limited, we are not liable for any damage
that you may suffer from using ZARA’s App in its different features. You agree to use ZARA’s App
exclusively for the purposes for which it is intended and therefore, to not make any improper or fraudulent
use thereof, and you will be liable to the Company and/or any third party for any damage which may arise
from an improper use of ZARA’s App.
You will be liable in the following cases:
a) when, where applicable, your equipment or terminals associated with the App, SIM cards, email
addresses and/or any Passwords are used by a third party authorized by you without our knowledge;
b) when errors or malfunction occur when you are using the App’s different features as a result of defective
hardware, software, devices or terminals or of a lack of the necessary security measures installed on the
device on which you are using the App.

21

230.7

Intellectual Property, Industrial Property and other Rights Associated with the APP

Any of the elements that form part or are included in the App are the property or are under the control of
the Company or third parties having authorized their use. All of the above shall be hereinafter referred to as the
“Property”.
Users agree not to remove, delete, alter, manipulate or in any other way amend:
- The notes, legends, signs or symbols that either the Company or the legal right holders incorporate into
their property with regard to intellectual or industrial property (e.g. copyright, ©, ® and ™, etc.,).
- Protection or identification technical devises that the Property may contain (e.g. watermarks, fingerprints,
etc.,). Users acknowledge that under these Terms, the Company does not assign or transfer any rights over
their Property or over any third-party properties.
The Company only authorizes users to access and use the Properties in accordance with these Terms.
Users are not authorized to copy, distribute (including by email or on the Internet), transmit, communicate,
amend, alter, transform, assign, or in any other way engage in activities that entail the commercial use of
the Property, whether in whole or in part, without the express written consent of the legal holder of the
exploitation rights.
Access to and use of the Property will always and in all cases be for strictly personal and non-commercial
purposes. The Company reserves all rights over the Property that it owns including, but not limited to, all
intellectual and industrial property rights that it holds over the Property. The Company does not grant users
any licenses or authorizations to use the Property it owns other than those expressly set forth in this clause.
The Company reserves the right to terminate or amend at any time and on any grounds any licenses granted
under these Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may take legal action against any other
use by users which:
- does not comply with the terms and conditions herein;
- infringes or breaches the intellectual and industrial property rights or other equivalent rights of the
Company or of any other third-party legal right holder, or violates any other applicable laws.
31. MISCELLANEOUS
You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Site and/or Mobile App may involve you providing an
“electronic signature” indicating your desire to use the Site and/or Mobile App. Your “electronic signature”
indicates your acceptance of these Terms, and your consent to receive communications about these Terms
electronically. If you wish to receive communications in another manner, you may contact ZARA at
“Contact US” www.zara.com to change your communication preferences. You may not use or otherwise
export or re-export the Mobile App except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction
in which the Mobile App was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Mobile App may not be
exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting country” or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of
Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List.
By using the Mobile App, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any
such list. You also agree that you will not use the Mobile App for any purposes prohibited by United States
law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missiles,
or chemical or biological weapons.

22

NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users
are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding the
services provided on the Site and/or Mobile App, please contact us at 1-855-635-9272. You may also contact
us by writing to Zara USA, Inc. 500 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10110. California residents may
reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of
Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916)
445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
31. QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments and feedback. Please send all questions, comments and feedback
to us via the contact information provided on our "Contact Us” webpage.
Zara USA, Inc.
500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 400
New York, NY 10110
Attn: Zara
And ITX USA, LLC
500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 400
New York, NY 10110
Attn: Zara Home

Last modified March 25, 2024
