Effective Date: February 17, 2023

These User Terms of Service (the “User Terms”) govern your access and use of our online workplace productivity tools and platform (the “Services”). Please read them carefully. Even though you are signing onto an existing workspace, these User Terms apply to you as a user of the Services. We are grateful you’re here.

First things First
These User Terms are Legally Binding
These User Terms are a legally binding contract between you and us. As part of these User Terms, you agree to comply with the most recent version of our Acceptable Use Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these User Terms. If you access or use the Services, or continue accessing or using the Services after being notified of a change to the User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy, you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the User Terms and the Acceptable Use Policy. “We”, “our” and “us” currently refers to the applicable Slack entity in the Contract (defined below).

Customer’s Choices and Instructions
You are an Authorized User on a Workspace Controlled by a “Customer”
An organization or other third party that we refer to in these User Terms as “Customer” has invited you to a workspace (i.e., a unique domain where a group of users may access the Services, as further described in our Help Center pages). If you are joining one of your employer’s workspaces, for example, Customer is your employer. If you are joining a workspace created by your friend using her personal email address to work on her new startup idea, she is our Customer and she is authorizing you to join her workspace.

What This Means for You—and for Us
Customer has separately agreed to our Customer Terms of Service or entered into a written agreement with us or our affiliate(s) (in either case, the “Contract”) that permitted Customer to create and configure a workspace so that you and others could join (each invitee granted access to the Services, including you, is an “Authorized User”). The Contract contains our commitment to deliver the Services to Customer, who may then invite Authorized Users to join its workspace(s). When an Authorized User (including, you) submits content or information to the Services, such as messages or files (“Customer Data”), you acknowledge and agree that the Customer Data is owned by Customer and the Contract provides Customer with many choices and control over that Customer Data. For example, Customer may provision or deprovision access to the Services, enable or disable third party integrations, manage permissions, retention and export settings, transfer or assign workspaces, share channels, or consolidate your workspace or channels with other workspaces or channels, and these choices and instructions may result in the access, use, disclosure, modification or deletion of certain or all Customer Data. Please check out our Help Center pages for more detail on our different Service plans and the options available to Customer.

The Relationship Between You, Customer and Us
AS BETWEEN US AND CUSTOMER, YOU AGREE THAT IT IS SOLELY CUSTOMER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO (A) INFORM YOU AND ANY AUTHORIZED USERS OF ANY RELEVANT CUSTOMER POLICIES AND PRACTICES AND ANY SETTINGS THAT MAY IMPACT THE PROCESSING OF CUSTOMER DATA; (B) OBTAIN ANY RIGHTS, PERMISSIONS OR CONSENTS FROM YOU AND ANY AUTHORIZED USERS THAT ARE NECESSARY FOR THE LAWFUL USE OF CUSTOMER DATA AND THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES; (C) ENSURE THAT THE TRANSFER AND PROCESSING OF CUSTOMER DATA UNDER THE CONTRACT IS LAWFUL; AND (D) RESPOND TO AND RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE WITH YOU AND ANY AUTHORIZED USER RELATING TO OR BASED ON CUSTOMER DATA, THE SERVICES OR CUSTOMER’S FAILURE TO FULFILL THESE OBLIGATIONS. SLACK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO YOU RELATING TO THE SERVICES, WHICH ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “ AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.

A Few Ground Rules
You Must be Over the Legal Age
To the extent prohibited by applicable law, the Services are not intended for and should not be used by (a) anyone under the age of sixteen or (b) anyone under the applicable age of majority according to the data protection laws and regulations in your jurisdiction. You represent that you are over the legal age and are the intended recipient of Customer’s invitation to the Services. You may not access or use the Services for any purpose if either of the representations in the preceding sentence is not true. Without limiting the foregoing, you must be of legal working age.

While You Are Here, You Must Follow the Rules
To help ensure a safe and productive work environment, all Authorized Users must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy and any applicable policies established by Customer. If you see inappropriate behavior or content, please report it to your Primary Owner or employer.

You Are Here At the Pleasure of Customer (and Us)
These User Terms remain effective until Customer’s subscription for you expires or terminates, or your access to the Services has been terminated by Customer or us. Please contact Customer if you at any time or for any reason wish to terminate your account, including due to a disagreement with any updates to these User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy.

Limitation of Liability
If we believe that there is a violation of the Contract, User Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy, or any of our other policies that can simply be remedied by Customer’s removal of certain Customer Data or taking other action, we will, in most cases, ask Customer to take action rather than intervene. We may directly step in and take what we determine to be appropriate action (including disabling your account) if Customer does not take appropriate action or we believe there is a credible risk of harm to us, the Services, Authorized Users, or any third parties. IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UNLESS YOU ARE ALSO A CUSTOMER (AND WITHOUT LIMITATION TO OUR RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE CONTRACT), YOU WILL HAVE NO FINANCIAL LIABILITY TO US FOR A BREACH OF THESE USER TERMS. OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY BREACH OF THE USER TERMS IS ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) IN THE AGGREGATE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND DO NOT LIMIT EITHER PARTY’S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN EQUITABLE RELIEF.

Application of Consumer Law
Slack is a workplace tool intended for use by businesses and organizations and not for consumer purposes. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you hereby acknowledge and agree that consumer laws do not apply. If however any consumer laws (e.g., in Australia, the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth)) do apply and cannot otherwise be lawfully excluded, nothing in these User Terms will restrict, exclude or modify any statutory warranties, guarantees, rights or remedies you have, and our liability is limited (at our option) to the replacement, repair or resupply of the Services or the pro-rata refund to Customer of pre-paid fees for your subscription covering the remainder of the term.

Survival
The sections titled “The Relationship Between You, Customer, and Us,” “Limitation of Liability,” and “Survival,” and all of the provisions under the general heading “General Provisions” will survive any termination or expiration of the User Terms.

General Provisions
Email and Slack Messages
Except as otherwise set forth herein, all notices under the User Terms will be by email, although we may instead choose to provide notice to Authorized Users through the Services (e.g., a slackbot notification). Notices to Slack should be sent to feedback@slack.com, except for legal notices, which must be sent to legal@slack.com. A notice will be deemed to have been duly given (a) the day after it is sent, in the case of a notice sent through email; and (b) the same day, in the case of a notice sent through the Services. Notices under the Contract will be delivered solely to Customer in accordance with the terms of that agreement.

Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect and use data relating to the use and performance of our products.

Modifications
As our business evolves, we may change these User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy. If we make a material change to the User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy, we will provide you with reasonable notice prior to the change taking effect either by emailing the email address associated with your account or by messaging you through the Services. You can review the most current version of the User Terms at any time by visiting this page, and by visiting the following for the most current versions of the other pages that are referenced in these User Terms: Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy. Any material revisions to these User Terms will become effective on the date set forth in our notice, and all other changes will become effective on the date we publish the change. If you use the Services after the effective date of any changes, that use will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms and conditions.

Waiver
No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under the User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, will constitute a waiver of that right. No waiver under the User Terms will be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the party being deemed to have granted the waiver.

Severability
The User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. If any provision of the User Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of the User Terms will remain in effect.

Assignment
You may not assign any of your rights or delegate your obligations under these User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of us (not to be unreasonably withheld). We may assign these User Terms in their entirety (including all terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference), without your consent, to a corporate affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.

Governing Law; Venue; Fees
The User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, and any disputes arising out of or related hereto, will be governed exclusively by the same applicable governing law of the Contract, without regard to conflicts of laws rules or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The courts located in the applicable venue of the Contract will have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of or relating to the User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, or its formation, interpretation or enforcement.

Each party hereby consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the User Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and attorney’s fees.

Entire Agreement
The User Terms, including any terms incorporated by reference into the User Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions in these User Terms and any pages referenced in these User Terms, the terms of these User Terms will first prevail; provided, however, that if there is a conflict or inconsistency between the Contract and the User Terms, the terms of the Contract will first prevail, followed by the provisions in these User Terms, and then followed by the pages referenced in these User Terms (e.g., the Privacy Policy). Customer will be responsible for notifying Authorized Users of those conflicts or inconsistencies and until such time the terms set forth herein will be binding.

Contacting Slack
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Slack’s User Terms of Service. You may contact us at feedback@slack.com or at our mailing address below:

For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada:

Slack Technologies
Salesforce Tower,
415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor,
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA

For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside the US and Canada:

Slack Technologies Limited
Salesforce Tower
60 R801, North Dock
Dublin
Ireland

privacy policy
Effective: July 5, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes how Slack collects, uses, and discloses information associated with an identified or identifiable individual (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”) and what choices you have around this activity. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us.

When we refer to “Slack”, we mean Slack Technologies, LLC or Slack Technologies Limited, as explained in more detail in the “Identifying the Data Controller and Processor” section below.

Table of Contents:
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
Information We Collect and Receive
How We Process Your Information and Our Legal Bases for Doing So
How We Share and Disclose Information
Data Retention
Security
Age Limitations
Changes to this Privacy Policy
International Data Transfers
Data Protection Officer
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Your Rights
California Privacy Rights
Data Protection Authority
Contacting Slack
Applicability of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Slack’s online workplace productivity tools and platform, including the associated Slack mobile and desktop applications (collectively, the “Services”), Slack.com and other Slack websites (collectively, the “Websites”) and other interactions (e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with Slack. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not access or use the Services, Websites or any other aspect of Slack’s business. For the avoidance of doubt, this is the only privacy policy that applies to Slack.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the Slack platform (“Third-Party Services”), or any other third-party products, services or businesses who will provide their services under their own terms of service and privacy policy. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Services (the “Customer Agreement”), including the processing of data such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts (collectively, “Customer Data”). The organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“Customer”) controls its instance of the Services (its “Workspace”) and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Workspace settings and privacy practices, please contact the Customer whose Workspace you use. If you have an account, you can check http://slack.com/account/team for the contact information of your Workspace owner(s) and administrator(s). If you have received an invitation to join a Workspace but have not yet created an account, you should request assistance from the Customer that sent the invitation.

California Notice of Collection of Personal Information: We collect the information described below under “Information We Collect and Receive” for the business and commercial purposes described below under “Information Use.” To learn more about exercising your California Privacy Rights please review the “California Privacy Rights” section below.

Information We Collect And Receive
Slack will collect and receive information through operating the Services and Websites, and through other interactions with Slack. Such information will include Customer Data and other information and data (“Other Information”) in a variety of ways:

Customer Data. Customers or individuals granted access to a Workspace by a Customer (“Authorized Users”) routinely submit Customer Data (such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts) to Slack when using the Services.
Other Information. Slack also collects, generates and/or receives the following categories of Other Information:
Workspace and account information: To create or update a Workspace account, you or our Customer (e.g. your employer) supply Slack with an email address, phone number, password, domain, and/or other account set up details (for more detail on Workspace creation, click here. In addition, Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services provide Slack (or its payment processors) with billing details such as credit card information, banking information, and/or a billing address.
Usage information:
Services metadata. When an Authorized User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way that an Authorized User uses the Services. For example, Slack logs the Workspaces, channels, people, features, content, and links you view or interact with, the types of files shared and what Third-Party Services are used (if any)
Log data. As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page you visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, and your language preferences.
Device information. Slack collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
Location information. We receive information from you, our Customers and other third-parties that helps us approximate your location. We may, for example, use a business address submitted by your employer (who is our Customer) or an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location to assist with localization or for security purposes.
Cookie information: Slack uses a variety of cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services to help us collect Other Information. For more details about how we use these technologies, and your opt-out controls and other options, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Third-Party Services information: A Customer can choose to permit or restrict Third-Party Services for its Workspace and Slack can receive personal data from such Third-Party Services. Typically, Third-Party Services are software that integrate with our Services, and a Customer can permit its Authorized Users to enable and disable these integrations for its Workspace (for more details on third-party application management, settings and permissions, click here). Slack may also develop and offer Slack applications that connect the Services with a Third-Party Service. Once enabled, the provider of a Third-Party Service may share certain information with Slack. For example, if a cloud storage application you are using is enabled to permit files to be imported to a Workspace, we may receive the user name and email address of Authorized Users, along with additional information that the application makes available to Slack to facilitate the integration. Authorized Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third-Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to Slack. When a Third-Party Service is enabled, Slack is authorized to connect and access Other Information made available to Slack in accordance with our agreement with the provider of the Third-Party Service and any permission(s) granted by our Customer (including, by its Authorized User(s)). Examples of information which Slack may receive in this manner include whether you successfully created a new account or interacted with a third-party application in a way that is attributable to Slack usage activity. We do not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third-Party Services when connecting them to the Services. For more information on Slack’s interaction with Third-Party Services, click here.
Contact information: In accordance with the consent process provided by your device or other third-party API, any contact information that an Authorized User chooses to import (such as importing an address book to find coworkers and Slack Connect contacts or calendar from a device or API), forward or upload to the Services (for example, when sending emails to the Services) is collected when using the Services.
Third-Party data: Slack may receive data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, Website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Audio and video metadata: Slack may receive, capture, and store metadata derived from your use of features such as Slack Huddles or Clips, and additional related data such as data regarding the date and time of your Slack Huddle and the Authorized User that you connected with.
Additional information provided to Slack: We also receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or in other ways, such as responses or opinions you provide if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, feedback you provide about our products or services, information you provide if you apply for a job with Slack, enroll in a certification program or other educational program hosted by Slack or a vendor, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Slack.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information (collectively, “Information”). However, certain Information is collected automatically and, if some Information, such as Workspace setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services.

How We Process Your Information and our Legal Bases for Doing So
Customer Data will be used by Slack in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including to provide the Services, any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement, a Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. Slack is a processor of Customer Data and the Customer is the controller. Customer may, for example, use the Services to grant and remove access to a Workspace, assign roles and configure settings, access, modify, export, share, and remove Customer Data, and otherwise apply its policies to the Services.

Slack uses Other Information to operate our Services, Websites, and business. More specifically, Slack uses Other Information for the following purposes:

Compliance With A Legal Obligation:
Slack processes Other Information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others. For example, a search warrant or production order from law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as your profile picture or IP address.

We use Workspace and account information, Usage information, Cookie information, Third-Party Services Information, Contact information, Third-Party data, Audio and video metadata, and Additional information provided to Slack for compliance with a legal obligation.

Legitimate Interests:
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third-party where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests").

We use Workspace and account information, Usage information, Cookie information, Third-Party Services Information, Contact information, Third-Party data, Audio and video metadata, and Additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:

To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
This includes the use of Other Information to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities, or at an Authorized User’s request.
It is in our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites, and business.
To develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features.
Slack tries to make the Services as useful as possible for specific Workspaces and Authorized Users. For example, we may:
improve search functionality by using Other Information to help determine and rank the relevance of content, channels or expertise to an Authorized User;
make Services or Third-Party Service suggestions based on historical use and predictive models;
identify organizational trends and insights;
customize a Services experience; or
create new productivity features and products.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Customers and Authorized Users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
We may use a variety of tools such as device fingerprinting to prevent issues and abuse. We may process, including in an automated fashion, Other Information to better understand how Slack is used or to prevent spam or abuse.
It is in our interest to keep the Service secure and to detect, prevent, and address abuse (such as spam) and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity on the Services.
To aggregate or de-identify information.
In some cases, we aggregate or de-identify information we have associated with you and use the resulting information, for example, to improve the Services.
It is in our interest to research and improve the Services;
It is in the interests of Customers and Authorized Users to practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information.
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
It is in our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Slack, violations of our terms or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves, our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Transfer, store or process your information outside the European Economic Area.
As the Websites and Services operate globally, with Customers around the world, we need to share information we collect globally. We carry out necessary transfers outside the European Economic Area, including to Australia, Canada, Japan, India, South Korea, and the United States, to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
For more information, review the “International Data Transfers” section below.
In our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
We use Workspace and account information, Third-Party Services Information, Third-Party data, and Additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:

To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments and questions.
If you contact us, we may use your Other Information to respond.
It is in our, our Customers’ and Authorized Users’ interests to facilitate communication (for example to answer questions from Customers).
To send service emails and other communications.
For example, we may:
send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages, and other types of communications; or
contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of them. It is in our Customers and Authorized Users’ interests to address service related issues.
We use Workspace and account information and Usage information for the following legitimate interests:

For billing, account management and other administrative matters.
Slack may need to contact you for invoicing, account management, and similar reasons and we use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
It is in our interest to facilitate the effective provision and administration of the Websites and Services.
We use Workspace and account information, Usage Information, Cookie information, Third-Party Services Information, Third-Party data, and Additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:

To send marketing emails and other communications.
We sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications or other news about Slack. These are marketing messages so you can control whether you receive them. If you have additional questions about a message you have received from Slack please get in touch through the contact mechanisms described below.
It is in our interest to promote the Websites and Services and send our direct marketing.

How We Share and Disclose Information
This section describes how Slack may share and disclose Information, as described in the section entitled 'Information We Collect and Receive' above. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information to third parties. Slack does not control how a Customer or any third party chooses to share or disclose Information.

The Customer’s Instructions. Slack may share and disclose Information in accordance with a Customer’s instructions and with appropriate consent, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and the Customer’s use of Services functionality and in compliance with applicable law and legal process. Some sharing at a Customer’s request may incur additional fees.
To enable Slack to follow our Customers’ instructions, Slack provides several administrator controls to allow Customers to manage their Workspaces. For example, we follow our Customers’ instructions to enable or disable Authorized Users use of various features of the Services, such as Clips or Slack Huddles, channel posting permissions, the sharing and visibility of direct messages including files, or whether and how Authorized Users can connect with other organizations’ Workspaces through Slack Connect.
We also follow Customer and Authorized User instructions on how an Authorized User’s profile may be displayed within a Customer’s Workspace or when shared through Slack Connect or other features.
Customers may also provide their Authorized Users with the ability to adjust the audience and visibility of certain Customer Data. To learn more, visit our Help Center to understand what choices and settings are available.
Displaying the Services. When an Authorized User submits Information, it may be displayed or discoverable to other Authorized Users in the same or connected Workspaces or Slack Connect instances. For example, an Authorized User’s email address may be displayed with their Workspace profile, or other profile and organizational information may be displayed to Authorized Users. Please consult the Help Center for more information on Services functionality.
Collaborating with Others. The Services provide different ways for Authorized Users working in independent Workspaces to collaborate, such as Slack Connect or email interoperability. Information, such as an Authorized User’s profile and organizational information, may be shared, subject to the policies and practices of the Workspace(s) you use. For example, depending on the settings of your Workspace, to enable connections with other Authorized Users, your profile may be shared or searchable or discoverable by Authorized Users or other users outside of Workspace(s) you belong to, or shared via email when you invite an Authorized User or other user to collaborate via Slack Connect. In many instances, Slack includes either administrator controls or user controls, depending on the use case, with respect to external collaboration. Authorized Users may also decide to expand the visibility of certain content and Customer Data, such as files.
Customer access. Owners, administrators, Authorized Users, and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify, or restrict access to Information. This may include, for example, your employer using features of the Services to access or modify your profile details, or to export logs of Workspace activity. For information about your Workspace settings, please visit https://slack.com/account/settings.
Third-Party service providers and partners. We may engage third-party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services, assist Slack with verifying Owners and Customers, or we may share business information to develop strategic partnerships with Third-Party service providers to support our common customers. In this respect, depending on the Third-Party service provided, Slack may share your Information. Additional information about the subprocessors we use to support delivery of our Services is set forth in the Salesforce Infrastructure & Sub-processors Documentation.
Third-Party Services. A Customer may enable, or permit Authorized Users to enable, Third-Party Services. We require each Third-Party Service provider to disclose all permissions for information accessible through the Services, but we do not guarantee that they do so. When Third-Party Services are enabled by a Customer or an Authorized User, Slack may share Information with Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are not owned or controlled by Slack and third parties that have been granted access to Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection, use, and sharing. Please check the permissions, privacy settings, and notices for these Third-Party Services or contact the provider for any questions.
Forums. The Information you choose to provide in a community forum including personal data will be publicly available.
Organizers and sponsors of Events/Webinars. If you attend an event or webinar organized by Slack, we may share your profile and organizational information with the event or webinar sponsors when you register, have your badge scanned, or join a breakout room. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. For more information, please refer to the terms provided when you register for such an event or webinar.
Professional advisers. We may share your Information with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, controllers, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Information containing personal data.
Corporate Affiliates. Slack may share Information with our corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
During a Change to Slack’s Business. If Slack engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Slack’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all of the Information described in the ‘Information We Collect and Receive’ section may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
Aggregated or De-identified Data. We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Information with prospects or partners for business or research.
Law Enforcement and Regulators. If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process. Please review the Data Request Policy, Data Request Overview, and Transparency Report to understand how Slack responds to requests to disclose data from government agencies, law enforcement entities, and other sources. This may at times include information that Slack Technologies, LLC processes on behalf of Slack Technologies Limited in its role as a subprocessor, including as pursuant to the terms of any data protection agreement between Slack and its Customers.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety. To protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Slack, its users, or third parties, including enforcing its contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing illegal activity, fraud, or security issues, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
With Consent. Slack may share Information with third parties when we have consent to do so or as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy. For Workspaces registered to corporate entities, Slack may share Information with consent of the Workspace primary owner or authorized corporate officer, or their designee. For workplaces created without a formal affiliation, Slack may require user consent.
Data Retention
Slack will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions (including to perform any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and through Customer’s use of Services functionality) and as required by applicable law. Customer may customize its retention settings and, depending on the Services plan, apply those customized settings at the Workspace level, channel level or other level. The Customer may also apply different settings to messages, files or other types of Customer Data. The deletion of Customer Data and other use of the Services by the Customer may result in the deletion and/or de-identification of certain associated Other Information. For more detail, please review the Help Center or contact the Customer.

Slack may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (such as to provide the Services, including any optional features you use, and to provide customer support). This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for Slack to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

Security
Slack takes security of data very seriously. Slack works hard to protect Information you provide from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Information we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. Slack has received internationally recognized security certifications. To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of the Services, please visit our Security Practices. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Slack cannot guarantee that Information during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others. When you click a link to a third-party site, you will be leaving our site and we don’t control or endorse what is on third-party sites.

Age Limitations
Slack does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 16 years old, to the extent prohibited by applicable law. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.

Changes To This Privacy Policy
Slack may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Slack will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.

International Data Transfers
Slack may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live, including transfers to the United States. To the extent that Personal Data is transferred abroad, Slack will ensure compliance with the requirements of the applicable laws in the respective jurisdiction in line with Slack’s obligations.

In particular, we offer the following safeguards if Slack transfers Personal Data from jurisdictions with differing data protection laws:

European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. Slack uses Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (and the equivalent standard contractual clauses for the UK where appropriate) for transfers to, among others, Australia, Canada, India, Japan, South Korea, and the United States. Slack will transfer your Personal Data to facilitate the provision of the Services. A copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating the Standard Contractual Clauses, is available here, and a copy of the executed version of the Standard Contractual Clauses may be obtained by contacting us as described in the “Contacting Slack” section below.
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System And Privacy Recognition For Processors. Slack’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“APEC”) Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) system and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”). The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies and the PRP demonstrates an organization’s ability to provide effective implementation of a personal data controller’s privacy obligations related to the processing of personal information. More information about the APEC framework can be found here. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern related to our APEC CBPR or PRP certifications that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our third-party dispute resolution provider.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@slack.com.

Identifying The Data Controller And Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the “controller” and “processor” of information. In general, Customer is the controller of Customer Data. In general, Slack is the processor of Customer Data and the controller of Other Information. Different Slack entities provide the Services in different parts of the world.

Slack Technologies Limited, an Irish company based in Dublin, Ireland, is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside of the U.S. and Canada.
Slack Technologies, LLC, a U.S. company based in San Francisco, California is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada.
Your Rights
Individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Brazil, and across the globe have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to your personal information, as well as to seek to update, delete, or correct this information. You can do this using the settings and tools provided in your Services account. If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact the Customer who controls your workspace for additional access and assistance. Please check https://slack.com/account/settings for Customer contact information.

To the extent that Slack’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation or other applicable laws requiring a legal basis for processing Personal Data, such as the UK Data Protection Act and the Brazilian General Data Protection Act (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados), Slack primarily relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your Personal Data. Where we rely on legitimate interests to process your Personal Data, you can object to that processing by contacting us as described in the “Contacting Slack” section below. In response to your objection, we will stop processing your information for the relevant purposes unless we have compelling grounds in the circumstances or the processing is necessary in the context of legal claims. Slack may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes and you have a right to object to Slack’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.

Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA,” as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or “CPRA”.

California law requires that we detail the categories of personal information that we collect and disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in earlier sections of Privacy Policy. In addition to the information provided above in the ‘Information We Collect And Receive’ section, we collect the following categories of personal information from you, your employer, data analytics providers, data brokers, and Third-Party Services for our business purposes:

Identifiers/contact information;
Commercial information;
Internet or electronic network activity information;
Financial information;
Geolocation information;
Professional or employment-related information;
Audio and visual data;
In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected under California or United States law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above categories.
We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the ‘How We Process your Information and our Legal Bases for Doing So’ section above. We share this information as described in the ‘How We Share and Disclose Information’ section above. Slack does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA or otherwise) the personal information we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out). We may also share personal information (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Slack websites, applications, and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect personal information from our sites or services if those third parties are authorized service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such personal information, or if you use our sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your personal information to third parties.

Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use, disclose, or may sell this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any “sales”, to know and opt out of sharing of personal information for delivering advertisements on non-Slack websites, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.

California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at privacy@slack.com or by filling out this form. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Authorized agents must submit proof of authorization.

If you would like to opt-out of sharing activity based on your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls. If you would like to opt-out of sharing activity based on other identifiers (like email address or phone number), contact us in accordance with the “Contacting Slack” section, below.

For more information on Slack’s role and obligations under the CCPA, please visit Slack’s California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) FAQ.

Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict Slack’s use of Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom you may contact the UK supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.

Contacting Slack
Please also feel free to contact Slack if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Slack’s practices, or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. Slack will respond within a reasonable timeframe. You may contact us at privacy@slack.com or at our mailing address below:

For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada:

Slack Technologies, LLC
50 Fremont Street
San Francisco, CA, 94105
United States

or

For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside the US and Canada:

Slack Technologies Limited
Salesforce Tower
60 R801, North Dock
Dublin
Ireland