These subscription terms and conditions (these “Subscription Terms”) form a binding agreement between you and Lowe’s Companies, Inc. and its applicable affiliates (“Lowe’s”, “we”, and “us”) and govern your use of the Lowe’s Subscriptions program. By participating in the Lowe’s Subscriptions program, you agree to these Subscription Terms. Please read them carefully.


Lowe’s may modify these Subscription Terms in its sole discretion at any time without providing individual notice to you to the extent permitted under applicable law. Your continued use of the Lowe’s Subscription program will constitute your agreement to the modifications. If you do not agree to a modification to these terms, you must cancel your subscription. Each shipment processed will be subject to the then current version of the Subscription Terms.


These Subscription Terms are in addition to Lowe’s 
Terms and Conditions of Use
 and
 Privacy 
Statement, which are each hereby incorporated into these Subscription Terms. As such, your subscriptions will be governed by, and subject to, Lowe’s Terms and Conditions of Use (including, but not limited to, the arbitration provision therein) and Privacy Statement. Please follow the links to the Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Statement above and review each carefully.


The Subscription Program.

The Lowe’s Subscription program allows you to sign up once to have eligible items sent to you automatically at the frequency you choose. Only items that have a “Shop, Subscribe & Save” option on the product display page are eligible for the Lowe’s Subscription program. To participate in the Lowe’s Subscription program, you must have a MyLowes account. If you do not currently have a MyLowes account, you can create one 
here
.


For information on how to subscribe, please visit our Subscription FAQs page 
here
. After you complete the subscription order process for a particular item, Lowe’s will ship that item to you in the quantities and at the frequency you selected unless (i) you cancel, skip, pause, or change the frequency of your subscription, (ii) the item is out of stock, discontinued, or otherwise unavailable, (iii) Lowe’s removes the item from the Lowe’s Subscription program, (iv) Lowe’s is unable to authorize or charge your selected payment card correctly, or (v) Lowe’s pauses or terminates your subscription.


How to Cancel.

You can cancel any subscription at any time by visiting your MyLowes account and following these steps.


1. Click on the My Account menu option in the top right part of the page.


2. Click on the “Subscriptions” option in the drop-down menu. This will take you to the MyLowes Subscriptions page.


3. On the MyLowes Subscriptions page, find the item you want to cancel and click the “Manage” button in the lower right-hand side of that item section.


4. Click the “Cancel” button under the “Order Summary” section on the right-hand side of the page.


5. In the pop-up box, click the “Yes, Cancel” button. Please note that we ask you to tell us why you are cancelling so that we can provide you with a better customer experience in the future, but you can complete the cancellation process without providing that information by clicking on the “Yes, Cancel” button.


Other Subscription Management Options.

You can also keep your subscription active while skipping a specific order, pausing your subscription, or changing the frequency of your orders. For instructions on how to manage your subscriptions, visit our Subscription FAQs page 
here
.


Credit Card and Address Information.

You may use a debit card, gift card, or prepaid card to pay for the first order in your subscription, but you must also provide a valid credit card that will be charged for each subsequent order.
You hereby consent to Lowe’s (i) keeping your payment card information, your billing address, and your shipping address on file, (ii) submitting an authorization request and charging your payment card for each order automatically generated under your subscription, and (iii) sending each applicable order to the address you selected.
You represent and warrant to Lowe’s that the payment card information and address you provide will be complete and accurate and that you are authorized to use that payment card for the purposes of the Lowe’s Subscription program.


You can change your payment card information at any time by visiting your MyLowes account and following these steps:


1. Click on the My Account menu option in the top right part of the page.


2. Click on the “Subscriptions” option in the drop-down menu.


3. Click the “Manage” button.


4. Update your payment card information.


Subscription Reminders.

You hereby consent to Lowe’s sending you an automated reminder communication (e.g., email, text, or call) before each shipment.
If you want to cancel or pause your subscription, or skip the order before it is processed, you must do so before the order is placed. In most cases, we will send you a reminder communication three days before your order is placed. However, reminder emails may be delayed or omitted based on the availability of the item you ordered.


Price Changes.

You agree to pay the charges in effect on the date each order is processed. You understand that the regular price of your item may change from order to order. You also understand that the cost of your item may increase following the end of certain sales, promotions, and discounts (such as Black Friday sales, periodic promotional offers for specific brands, and applicable discounts provided under one or more of Lowe’s other programs). We will notify you if the price of your item changes before your order is processed. If you do not want to continue your subscription under the increased price, you can cancel your subscription in accordance with the instructions above.


You also understand that the taxes applicable to your subscription purchases may change over time and that we will charge you the taxes in effect when each order is processed.


Out-of-Stock and Discontinued Items.

If an item is out-of-stock, discontinued, or otherwise unavailable for shipment in accordance with your subscription schedule, we will notify you and, as applicable, delay that order or cancel that order and all future orders for that particular subscription.


Subscription Benefits.

Lowe’s may provide benefits as part of the Lowe’s Subscription program, which may include, among other things, a discount and free shipping. Lowe’s reserves the right to make changes to the subscription benefits at any time in its sole discretion. Those changes may apply to future orders of existing subscriptions. We will notify you of changes we make to the subscription benefits prior to the effective date of the change. If you continue to participate in the Lowe’s Subscription program, you will be deemed to have accepted the changes.


Lowe’s Right to Pause, Modify, or Terminate.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lowe’s reserves the right to (i) pause, modify, or terminate any and all of your subscriptions and (ii) stop you from setting up new subscriptions in the future, in each case in Lowe’s sole discretion. Without limiting the foregoing, you understand that we must retain certain information about you in order to process your subscription orders and that your election to have Lowe’s delete your personal information pursuant to an applicable law will result in the termination of your subscriptions.
--
Introduction
Please review these terms and conditions, which govern your use of Lowes.com (https://www.lowes.com), the Lowe’s Personal Accounts (“Personal Account” or “MyLowe’s Rewards Accounts”) and related services, and Lowe’s Business Accounts (“PRO Accounts”) and related services, and any sites, applications, or mobile sites or applications, such as the Lowe’s applications available on your mobile device and any other site on which these terms and conditions appear, platforms, and tools where these terms and conditions appear or are linked (collectively, the “Site” or “Sites”). Your use of any of the Sites constitutes your unconditional agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions, and the Privacy and Security Statement (collectively, the “Terms”). The Sites are provided by Lowe’s Home Centers, LLC. (“Lowe’s”) as a service to its customers, unless specifically provided otherwise on a Site. The Terms inure to the benefit of Lowe’s and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates.

Your Use of the Site
Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the Terms. By accepting the Terms through your use of the Site, you certify that you are either (i) 18 years of age or older or (ii) you are at least 13 years of age and are using the Site under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who has agreed to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to use the Site. If you are a parent or legal guardian who has agreed to be bound by these Terms on behalf of a child between the ages of 13 and 18, you agree to be fully responsible for such child’s use of the Site, including all financial charges and legal liability that such child may incur.

Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 230(d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software and filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such control protections is available on the websites GetNetWise (https://www.getnetwise.org) and OnGuardOnline (https://onguardonline.gov).

You agree that you will not do any of the following (collectively, the “Code of Conduct”):

Restrict or inhibit any other visitor from using the Site, including, without limitation, by means of “hacking” or defacing any portion of the Site
Use the Site or content on or from the Site for any unlawful purpose
Express or imply that any statement you make is endorsed by Lowe’s or its subsidiary, parent or affiliate companies
Submit data or information to or otherwise transmit material through the Site that is (i) copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third-party proprietary or intellectual property rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the lawful owner of such rights or have permission from the rightful owner to submit or transmit such data or information; (ii) is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, fraudulent, abusive, pornographic, harassing or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, or does or would give rise to civil liability or violate any law, rule or regulation, or is otherwise objectionable or infringes Lowe’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights or other rights; (iii) is intended to victimize, harass, degrade or intimidate an individual or group of individuals on the basis of age, disability, ethnicity, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation; or (iv) is nonpublic information about a company or individual without the express written authorization to do so
Engage in spamming, flooding, phishing or other activity intended to gather information unlawfully
Transmit any software or other materials that contain any harmful or malicious code, including, without limitation, viruses, worms, time bombs, date bombs, trojan horses and defects
Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site
Remove any copyright, trademark or other notices of proprietary rights contained on the Site
“Frame” or “mirror” any part of the Site without Lowe’s prior written authorization
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data mine or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its contents
Harvest or collect information about Site visitors
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Lowe’s infrastructure
Use the Site for any reseller activities. Reseller activities include (i) purchasing products for the purpose of reselling those products through any channel to downstream customers; (ii) placing orders on behalf of other persons for commercial purposes; and (iii) extracting, scraping, mining, copying or otherwise gathering information from the Site in connection with your sale or another party’s sale of products (whether purchased from Lowe’s or another seller) through any channel to downstream customers. Purchasing a product that will be used or consumed as part of a home improvement or construction project performed for another person does not constitute a reseller activity
You acknowledge and agree that (i) all information you provide with regards to a purchase of products and/or services, including, without limitation, credit card, wallet (e.g., ApplePay, etc.), or other payment information, is accurate, current and complete, and (ii) you may be subject to additional terms and conditions of the third-parties providing your chosen payment method. Additionally, you represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use the payment method you provide to us.

Placing Your Orders on the Site
All billing and registration information provided by you must be accurate, complete and correct. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete or incorrect information constitutes a breach of the Terms. By confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the items, products and/or services that you have requested.
Lowe’s, its affiliates and subsidiaries, and Marketplace Sellers (defined below), reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to (i) refuse service and to terminate accounts if Lowe’s believes in its sole discretion that customer conduct violates applicable law or the Terms, is harmful to the interests of Lowe’s, its subsidiaries or its affiliates or for any other reason; (ii) limit the quantity of items purchased per person, per account, per household and per order as determined in their sole discretion; and (iii) refuse or cancel any order you place. These restrictions may be applied to the same account, same credit card and/or the same billing and/or shipping address.
Lowe’s acknowledgment of an order signifies that we received your order request, but it does not constitute acceptance of your order or a promise to fulfill your order. We strive to provide accurate information on the Site, but we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of all information about items on the Site. You understand that information about items on the Site, including, without limitation, price, availability, specifications and images, may be incomplete or inaccurate. If we determine that information about an item you ordered is inaccurate or incomplete, we reserve the right to cancel that order and refund any applicable charges. Any canceled order placed using a Lowe’s Gift Card will have a refund card mailed to the address listed within the billing address line of the online order.
All items and products purchased through the Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. The risk of loss and title for such titles pass to you upon Lowe’s delivery of the items or products to the carrier.
You may choose to pick up eligible items in a single order from different Lowe’s stores. For instance, in the same order, you may choose to pick up a hammer from one store, nails from a second store and lumber from a third store. The online price for your items will be the price shown at the time you start the checkout process. You understand that the online price may be different from the in-store prices for the same item and will be exclusive of store-specific sales, discounts, rebates or other markdowns available for in-store purchases.
If you wish to purchase products or services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information applicable to your purchase, including, without limitation, credit card and other information. Your Account will provide you a location to store your information and allow you to make a future purchase without reentering information. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you and any users of your account and your credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to your purchases. The amount of tax displayed when you check out is an estimate and may be updated at the time your card is charged in accordance with our billing policy.
Tools, products, materials, techniques, building codes and local regulations change; therefore, Lowe's assumes no liability for omissions, errors or the outcome of any project. The reader must always exercise reasonable caution, follow current codes and regulations that may apply, and is urged to consult with a licensed professional if in doubt about any procedures.
Information Posted on the Site
The information and materials on the Site (the “Materials”) are provided for your review in accordance with the Terms. However, the Materials do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Lowe’s or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents.

At Lowe's, we carry the Brand Names You Know and Trust™. Unless indicated otherwise, most products and services displayed on the Site are available directly from or through Lowe's, its subsidiaries or its affiliates. Lowe's endeavors to display and describe its products and services accurately on the Site. Lowe's is also improving its products and services, and may update the Materials displayed on the Site at any time and without notice.

Lowe's cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the Materials displayed on the Site, including, without limitation, prices, product images, specifications, dimensions, availability and services, and any Marketplace Products provided by a Marketplace Seller. The Materials may contain technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, and errors or omissions related to the product descriptions, pricing and availability. Products and services are the responsibility of the manufacturer and service provider, respectively and subject to the warranties offered by such manufacturer or service provider.

Lowe’s Online Marketplace Program
Lowe’s provides third party companies (“Marketplace Sellers”) the opportunity to sell and ship items directly to you through the Site (“Marketplace Products”). Marketplace Products will be identified by a “sold and shipped by” line item that identifies the name and contact information of the Marketplace Seller. By purchasing a Marketplace Product, you acknowledge and agree that Marketplace Products are being sold to you directly by Marketplace Sellers, not by Lowe’s, and that the Marketplace Sellers will be solely responsible for the fulfillment and shipping of such Marketplace Products. Marketplace Products must be returned to a Lowe’s retail warehouse location. See lowes.com/returns for further details.

Marketplace Sellers will not have access to your payment information; however, Lowe’s will share your name, contact and delivery information so that Marketplace Sellers may deliver Marketplace Products to you and perform related customer service. Lowe’s, directly or through its payment processor, will process your payment for a Marketplace Product as a limited payments agent of the Marketplace Seller in accordance with a separate agreement between Lowe’s and Marketplace Seller. As such, payment to Lowe’s will satisfy your payment obligation to the Marketplace Seller. Lowe’s will also collect and remit any applicable sales taxes or other fees (such as paint and electronic waste recycling fees, and other product regulatory fees, deposits, or assessments) associated with your purchase on the Lowe’s Online Marketplace and remit any such taxes and other fees to the appropriate authority or recipient as required by law. Customer payment disputes and refunds will be handled by Lowe’s.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT LOWE’S WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTIONS OF A MARKETPLACE SELLER OR ANY MARKETPLACE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD OR PROVIDED BY SUCH MARKETPLACE SELLER. LOWE’S IS NOT RESPONSIBLE, NOR DOES IT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, FOR MARKETPLACE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

Marketplace Products are not eligible for any Lowe’s offers or Programs.

Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents 
All software and content on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips and software, is owned or licensed by Lowe’s, or its software, and content suppliers and licensors. Such software and content is protected by United States and international copyright laws.  

The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Lowe’s and protected by applicable copyright laws.  

Lowe’s grants you permission to view and use content and software made available to you on the Site in connection with your use of the Site only. Any other use, including, without limitation, the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content or software on the Site is strictly prohibited. Lowe’s and its affiliates, subsidiaries, suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, products, technology, content and all other material that appears on the Site. Accessing the Site does not confer and shall not be construed as conferring on you or anyone else any license to Lowe’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.

The Site may contain additional proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.  

The names, trade names, logos, service marks, trademarks and trade dress (collectively, “Trademarks”) on the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of LF, LLC, and other parties. Use of the Site in no way grants any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site. LF, LLC, requires prior written approval for the use of the “Lowe’s and New Gable Mansard Design®” (Lowe’s logo) or any other LF, LLC Trademarks, as part of a link to or from any website. LF, LLC, also requires prior written approval to use the Lowe’s logo, Lowe’s name and any other LF, LLC marks in any form of advertising or any other commercial use. One or more patents may apply to the Site, including, without limitation: US Patent Nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; 5,930,474; 7,908,173; and 7,908,176.

Links to Other Sites
The Site may contain links to other websites so that you can learn more about the products available on the Site and have access to other information. These links are provided to you only as a convenience, and their presence on the Site does not imply endorsement by Lowe’s or its affiliates or subsidiaries of such website or of any association with such websites’ operators.

You agree that Lowe’s and its affiliates and subsidiaries are in no way responsible or liable for the availability or content of the websites to which the Site is linked. Lowe’s and its affiliates and subsidiaries make no representations whatsoever about any other website you may access through the Site.

Any concerns regarding products or services offered by a website to which the Site is linked or the link itself should be directed to the operator of that specific website and not the Site.

We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of service and/or terms of use and practices of any linked website. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from the Site or other sites) is free of items, such as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, time bombs, date bombs and other items of a harmful nature.

Content
You hereby grant Lowe’s and its affiliates, licensees and sublicensees, without any compensation of any kind to you or others, a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, adapt, create derivative works of, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, modify, store on its servers, publicly display, perform, promote, market, permit the online use of and otherwise use in any way Content and all information, data and materials derived from or based in whole or in part on any of the Content, in any format or media (“Content License”). “Content” means all text, images, artwork, technology, content, data, metadata, information, materials, plans, instructions, commands, dimensions, specifications, preferences, activity on the Site and other items, in each case (i) submitted, entered, provided, uploaded, recorded, performed, streamed or made available, in each case by you on, or (ii), generated, recorded, collected, or derived, in each case through your use of, the Site or any third party applications integrated with, or accessible through, the Site, including without limitation any analytics, summaries, programs, improvements, derivative works, compilations and outputs.

You waive, release and agree not to assert any and all moral rights that you may have in any Content submitted by you to the Site. By submitting any Content to the Site, you warrant and represent that you have the right to use such Content and have the right to permit Lowe’s and its affiliates, licensees and sublicensees to use such Content in accordance with the terms of the Content License. This Content License is in addition to, and not in lieu of, the UGC License.

User-Generated Content
Identification of User Content: As part of your use of any of Lowe’s Home Centers, LLC Sites, as well as pursuant to your participation in or use of any of the other Lowe’s Companies, Inc. and its affiliates’ (collectively “Lowe’s Organization”) social media or other digital platforms (collectively our “Platforms”), or pursuant to your participation in or response to any other invitations or forums that may be made available or extended to you by or on behalf of Lowe’s (collectively “Other Forums”) (hereinafter Sites, Platforms and Other Forums shall be collectively referred to as a “Content Hub” or “Content Hubs”), we welcome feedback, reviews, text, ideas, photos, videos, or any other content (all the foregoing referred to herein as "User Content ") that you submit through such Content Hub, as long as such User Content meets our requirements as set forth in these User Content Terms.

Grant of Rights: When you share or publish User Content on a Content Hub, you grant Lowe’s Organization a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license with respect to such User Content pursuant to these User Content Terms (“License”). This License gives Lowe’s Organization the right to copy, publish, broadcast, publicly display, edit, translate, transmit, perform, alter, feature, combine with other material, adapt, reproduce, translate, reformat, incorporate, distribute, modify, make derivative works of, feature and otherwise use (collectively “Use”) such User Content, including Use of any form of identification of any person or groups of people within such User Content including without limitation their name(s), voice(s), image(s) (in each instance, their “Identity”). Such Use may occur in any and all media now known or hereafter developed, including without limitation on and in Lowe’s Organization websites, social media sites, digital platforms and channels, as well as in print and broadcast media, without any territorial or time limitations, for any purposes that Lowe’s deems necessary, desirable or appropriate. If you share or provide your name, partial name, social media handle(s), or other identifying information about yourself (each a “Source Identifier”) on or in connection with the User Content on a Content Hub, Lowe’s Organization may use any such Source Identifier in connection with its use of the User Content, in its sole discretion, and hereinafter for purposes of these User Content Terms, the term “User Content” shall include any Source Identifiers. In addition, this License allows Lowe’s Organization to sublicense any or all of the foregoing rights, through multiple tiers, to the maximum extent permitted by law. Lowe’s and its sublicensees shall be referred to herein as “Lowe’s Etc.” The Licenses set forth herein shall survive the termination of these User Content Terms.
Release of Claims: By submitting User Content, you expressly waive any and all claims against Lowe's Etc. arising out of or relating to our Use of any product, design, concept or other materials similar or identical to anything contained in your User Content.
Representations and Warranties: By submitting any User Content to a Content Hub or otherwise agreeing to these User Content Terms, you represent and warrant that:
No User Content includes the Identity of a Child (“Child” is defined as someone who is under the age of 13).
You have all rights necessary to grant this License and any sublicenses. This means among other things that:
You are the owner (author) of the User Content.
If you use the Identity of a third party in the User Content, you have their written permission (or that of their parent/legal guardian if they are a non-Child minor in their jurisdiction).
Your creation of the User Content complies with all applicable rules, laws and regulations (“Applicable Law”) and the Use of the User Content by Lowe’s Etc. will not violate any Applicable Law or any third party rights, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or other intellectual property rights of any third party;
Your User Content is truthful, accurate and not misleading. To that end, you confirm the following:
If and to the extent your User Content contains a review, endorsement or testimonial about a product or service (collectively “Review”), such Review is based on your actual use of the product or experience with the service that is the subject of the Review, and contains your true opinion and belief based on such use or experience under normal use conditions; and
to the extent your User Content contains a Review, you confirm that you received no compensation or other incentive to provide the Review, or if you did, you have disclosed what compensation or incentive you received in your User Content.
You irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding the User Content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.

Additional Terms: You understand and agree that User Content may be viewed by the general public and you do not and shall not consider such User Content to be private, proprietary or confidential. You agree that the License you are granting to Lowe’s is without any compensation of any kind to you or others.
        You agree that any User Content that you share, publish or authorize us to Use:

will not cause injury to any person or entity when Used by Lowe’s Etc.; and
does not contain any profanity or threatening language, or material that could be considered obscene, harmful, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, or degrading; and
does not contain any malware, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam”; and
does not promote any particular political agenda or contain any political campaign messaging; and
does not include any commercial solicitation; and
does not contain defamatory remarks or, misrepresentations about Lowe’s Organization or its products, or other people, products, services, or companies; and
does not include content that is derogatory or suggestive of violence toward any individual or groups of people including based on ethnicity, race, gender, religion, profession or age; and
does not include or promote any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous; and
does not promote the illegal, excessive or irresponsible consumption or use of alcohol, drugs, tobacco, or firearms/weapons; and
does not include links to any of the content that is prohibited in this list. 
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in these Terms shall restrict, impair or result in the waiver of any legal rights a consumer may have to publish truthful reviews or other statements about Lowe’s, its employees or representatives, or any products or services offered by Lowe’s.

Integrity and Authenticity: You agree that you will not use a false or misleading email address, home or business address, impersonate another person or entity, or otherwise mislead with respect to the origin of any User Content you submit, including, without limitation, comments and feedback you submit to a Content Hub. You agree that Lowe’s Etc. is not responsible for any User Content that you submit to a Content Hub.
Lowe’s Organization Responsibility for User Content Posted on Content Hubs: Lowe’s Etc. does not guarantee that User Content submitted to a Content Hub will be used by Lowe’s Etc. or made publicly available. Lowe’s Etc. does not guarantee that User Content posted to a Content Hub will not be offensive, defamatory or otherwise objectionable. Lowe’s Etc. reserves the right to remove any User Content from a Content Hub at any time without notice and in Lowe’s Etc. sole discretion; however, you acknowledge and agree that Lowe’s Etc. is under no obligation to you to police, monitor or remove User Content or comments made about User Content, and Lowe’s Etc. makes no guarantee with respect to the completeness, accuracy, integrity or quality of User Content submitted to or appearing on any Content Hub or in any other materials released by Lowe’s Etc. Lowe’s Etc. has no control over third party use of your User Content, and no liability for any misuse of your User Content. Lowe’s Etc. does not endorse any comments, opinions, advice or other statement made about or in connection with your User Content.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Claims of Copyright Infringement. It is our policy to restrict access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe the copyrights of others. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the site (including content submitted by other users) infringe your copyrights, you may request removal of those materials, or access thereto, by submitting a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) to Lowe’s designated Copyright Agent (identified below), which sets forth the following information:

Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work and, where possible, include a copy or the location, e.g., URL, of an authorized version of the work
Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit Lowe’s to locate the material
Your name, address, telephone number and, if available, email address
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law
A statement that the information you have supplied is accurate and indicating that “under penalty of perjury” you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright holder or authorized representative
The Copyright Agent designated by Lowe’s to receive notifications of claimed infringement is:

DMCA Notices
  c/o Compliance Department
  Lowe’s Companies, Inc.
  1000 Lowe’s Boulevard
  Mooresville, NC 28117 
  704-758-2921
  DMCANotices@lowes.com

Only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent. Any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications should be directed to Lowe’s customer care at the contact information listed under “Contact Us.” 
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the instructions above, your DMCA notice may not be valid.

Reinstatement Process. If your submitted materials were removed or the access thereof has been disabled and you believe that such materials are not infringing or that you have authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your submitted materials, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to Lowe’s designated Copyright Agent:

Your original or electronic signature 
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled 
A statement "under penalty of perjury" by you that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the content 
Your name, address, telephone number and, if available, email address; a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is located outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Lowe’s is located; and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original notification of infringement or an agent of such person 
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Lowe’s may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it within ten (10) business days. Unless Lowe’s Copyright Agent receives notice from the person who submitted the DMCA notice that the copyright owner has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the relevant user from engaging in infringing activity relating to the materials submitted to the site or Lowe’s system or network, Lowe’s may replace or restore access to the relevant content in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days after receipt of the counter-notice, at Lowe’s sole discretion
Warranty Disclaimer; Limit of Liability
YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THE USE OF THE SITE, MARKETPLACE PRODUCTS OFFERED BY MARKETPLACE SELLERS, AND THE INTERNET IN GENERAL. THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, LOWE'S, ALL OF LOWE'S SUBSIDIARY, PARENT OR RELATED COMPANIES, CALL CENTERS AND ALL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LOWE'S AND ITS LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR SECURE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE SITE IS HOSTED ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, BUGS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING AND MAINTAINING ALL TELEPHONE, COMPUTER HARDWARE AND OTHER EQUIPMENT NEEDED TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITE AND ALL CHARGES RELATED THERETO. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND YOUR RELIANCE THEREON. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT BY LOWE'S OR LOWE'S LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, MEMBERS OR VISITORS, WHETHER MADE ON THE SITE OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT LOWE'S SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR: (1) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF SERVERS ON WHICH THE SITE IS HOSTED AND/OR ON WHICH ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (2) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE; AND/OR (3) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A HARMFUL NATURE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY A THIRD PARTY. LOWE'S DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY HYPERLINKED SITE. YOU AGREE THAT LOWE'S AND ITS AFFILIATES, PARENTS AND SUBSIDIARIES WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE LOSS OF USE, DATA, PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE. THIS ALSO INCLUDES DELAYS IN BEING ABLE TO USE THE SITE, THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF LOWE'S AND/OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES WERE AWARE OR HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. This disclaimer does not apply to intentional or wanton acts on the part of Lowe's. This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of these terms.

You should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. Your use of the site and any materials provided through the site are entirely at your own risk.

Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS LOWE'S AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS, ASSIGNS, SUCCESSORS-IN-INTEREST, CONTRACTORS, VENDORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES AND SUBLICENSEES, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, COSTS (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) AND OTHER EXPENSES THAT ARISE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF OR FROM: (1) YOUR ACTUAL OR ALLEGED BREACH OF THESE TERMS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CODE OF CONDUCT; (2) ANY ALLEGATION THAT ANY CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL YOU HAVE SUBMITTED OR TRANSMITTED TO THE SITE INFRINGE, MISAPPROPRIATE OR OTHERWISE VIOLATE THE COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY PARTY; AND/OR (3) YOUR ACTIVITIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE.

Dispute Resolution
Your use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of the Terms. Lowe’s makes no representation or warranty that Materials and Content on the Site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Your use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of the Terms, and you agree not to access this Site in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of the Site violates any legal requirements. You are responsible for complying with all applicable laws. Any use in contravention of any provision of the Terms is at your own risk.  

Lowe’s and You each recognize and agree that good faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often result in prompt, low-cost and mutually beneficial outcomes. Therefore, You and Lowe’s each agree that, before either of us may commence an arbitration or assert a claim in small claims court, You and Lowe’s will engage in the following informal dispute resolution process:  

You must first present any claim or dispute to Lowe’s by contacting the customer care center to allow Lowe’s the opportunity to resolve any dispute. To initiate informal dispute resolution, You must provide Lowe’s your full name and contact information; a description of your claim; information about the specific purchase, transaction or matter at issue; your counsel’s name and contact information, if applicable; and a description of the relief sought.  
You and Lowe’s will personally meet and confer, via teleconference or videoconference, in a good faith effort to informally resolve any claim covered by this provision. If either You or Lowe’s is represented by counsel, that counsel may, but is not required to, participate in the informal dispute resolution conference.  
Either party may request arbitration or a proceeding in small claims court, as applicable, if your dispute cannot be resolved within sixty (60) days, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by us.  
Any statute of limitations will be tolled while You and Lowe’s engage in the informal dispute resolution process described in this section. 
Choice of Law, Jurisdiction and Venue:  

You agree that this agreement and your use of the Site will be governed by the laws of the state of North Carolina. By using the Site, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, tribunals, agencies and other dispute resolution organizations in Charlotte, North Carolina, in all disputes (i) arising out of, relating to or concerning this agreement, the Site and your use thereof; (ii) in which the Site and/or this agreement is an issue or a material fact; or (iii) in which the Site or this agreement is referenced in a paper filed in a court, tribunal, agency or other dispute resolution organization.  
Waiver of Rights:  

YOU AGREE TO WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY CLAIMS FOR PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AND ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE CLAIMS ON A CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED BASIS OR IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, WHICH RELATE IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE OR THIS AGREEMENT.  
LOWE’S AND YOU UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM, CROSS CLAIM OR THIRD-PARTY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IF FOR ANY REASON A CLAIM PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN THROUGH ARBITRATION, LOWE’S AND YOU AGREE THAT THERE WILL NOT BE A JURY TRIAL. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY THIS AGREEMENT YOU ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE HEARD AND RESOLVED IN COURT BY A JURY.   
Arbitration: Please read this section carefully because it affects rights that you might otherwise have. It provides for resolution of most disputes through arbitration instead of court proceedings.  

Arbitration is different than court. There is no judge or jury, but the arbitrator can award damages. Arbitration is final, binding and subject to only limited review by a court. By using the Site, you agree to give up your right to a trial in court except for certain small claims as described below.  
You agree that this arbitration section shall survive termination of this agreement. This section shall be broadly interpreted to encompass all disputes or claims arising out of or relating to your use of the Site. Any dispute or claim made by you against Lowe’s or against any of Lowe’s subsidiary, parent or affiliated companies arising out of or related to your use of the Site, whether based on contract, statute, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, will be resolved by binding arbitration, except that either party may elect to have such claims heard in small claims court if they qualify for hearing by such court.  
You must first present any claim or dispute to Lowe’s by contacting the customer care center to allow Lowe’s the opportunity to resolve any dispute, as outlined more fully above. Either party may request arbitration or a proceeding in small claims court, as applicable, if your dispute cannot be resolved within sixty (60) days, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by us. The arbitration of any dispute or claim shall be conducted by and under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (or another nationwide arbitration organization, provided both parties mutually agree on an alternative arbitral tribunal), and there will be NO JURY TRIAL. Any arbitration demand must be signed by the claimant and must include a description of the claim; information about the specific purchase, transaction or matter at issue; and a description of relief sought.  
You and Lowe’s agree that this agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and this arbitration provision will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the US Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law. Any such arbitration shall be brought and held in Charlotte, North Carolina, and will be conducted in the English language. An arbitrator may not (i) award relief in excess of or contrary to what this agreement provides; (ii) order consolidation or arbitration on a classwide or representative basis; or (iii) award punitive damages or any other damages aside from the prevailing party’s actual damages, except that (a) the arbitrator may award on an individual basis damages required by statute and may order injunctive or declaratory relief pursuant to an applicable consumer protection statute, and (b) in the event the claim brought is frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, or claimant continues to prosecute a claim after the claim becomes frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, claimant will be required to reimburse respondent for its costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, amounts paid in the investigation, defense and/or settlement of such claims, and all other amounts allowed by law. In any arbitration applying those rules applicable to large and/or complex cases, the arbitrators may also apply the Federal Rules of Evidence, and the losing party may have the award reviewed in accordance with the review procedures set forth in the selected arbitrator’s rules.  
Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither you nor Lowe’s may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcement or appeal of the arbitration award. The decisions of the arbitrators shall be binding and conclusive upon all parties involved, and any judgment or decision on any arbitration may be entered in and specifically enforced in any court having proper jurisdiction.  
If any portion of this section is determined by a court to be inapplicable or invalid, then the remainder shall be given full force and effect.  
Claimant will be required to pay any applicable filing fees. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between you and Lowe’s. Unless an applicable statute expressly permits awarding attorneys’ fees to the prevailing party, each party will bear the expense of its own counsel, experts, witnesses, and preparation and presentation of evidence at any arbitration hearing. However, as noted above, in the event the claim brought is frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, or claimant continues to prosecute a claim after the claim becomes frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, claimant will be required to reimburse respondent for its costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, amounts paid in the investigation, defense and/or settlement of such claims, and all other amounts allowed by law.  
Changes to the Terms
You agree that Lowe’s may change, terminate, modify, add, end or delete any of these the terms and conditions (including, without limitation, the Terms) under which the Site is offered at any time and without notice to you.

Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to update, change, terminate, suspend, modify, add, end or delete any of these Terms, the Additional Terms (including for both PRO and Personal Accounts), any Programs (as defined herein) or any subprograms, benefits, special offers or rewards, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications.

Miscellaneous
You specifically acknowledge that Lowe’s has the right to correct any errors in the Program(s), including, without limitation, any typographical errors, errors of descriptions, and errors in the crediting or debiting of benefits (including, but not limited to, MVPs Levels, MyLowe’s Status, Points, MVP Rewards, Member Benefits, Bonus Points, and Paint Tiers).

You agree that Lowe’s may assign all or part of this agreement without such assignment being considered a change to the agreement and without providing notice to you. You agree that Lowe’s will be released from all liability upon assignment. The assignee shall have the same rights and obligations as the assignor.

You agree that information related to your use of the Site may be subject to legal process. Information and data that you submit to Lowe’s through the Site may be subject to legal process (e.g., a subpoena) by Lowe’s or a third party or government entity, even if that information has been deleted and only exists in backup form. You acknowledge and understand that Lowe’s will comply with all applicable legal obligations in making such information available pursuant to valid legal process. You acknowledge and agree that Lowe’s may have no obligation to give you notice of any legal process that may result in any information related to your use of the site being produced, discovered or otherwise disclosed.

Lowe’s performance of these Terms and any other policy contained on the Site is subject to existing and future laws and legal process. Nothing in these Terms is in derogation of Lowe’s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information given to or gathered by Lowe’s with respect to such use.

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and service providers or suppliers, or you and Lowe’s as a result of these Terms or your use of the Site.

Any rights not expressly granted to you herein are reserved by and to Lowe’s, its affiliates, subsidiaries and licensors, and other third parties.

The Terms and the applicable terms of sale constitute the entire agreement between you and Lowe’s with respect to the subject matter thereof. This agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether written, oral or electronic, between you and Lowe’s with respect to the Site. No modification of the Terms shall be effective unless such modification is authored by Lowe’s or it is physically signed in blue ink by an executive officer of Lowe’s.

Any actual or alleged waiver by Lowe’s of any actual or alleged breach of the Terms by you shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any future breach.

A printed version of these Terms and/or any notice given by Lowe’s in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms or your use of the Site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained by Lowe’s in printed form.

If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, you agree that the invalid or unenforceable provision will be superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of the agreement shall continue to govern your use of the Site.

Additional Registered User Terms
You can register as either a Personal or PRO user of the Site and become a registered user (a “Registered User” or “User”). A single email address can be associated with either a Personal Account or a PRO Account but not both (Personal Accounts and PRO Accounts are collectively and individually “Account(s)”). Becoming a Registered User gives you access to additional services, benefits, promotions and functionalities available on the Site or in store (collectively, “Registered Services”), which vary depending on whether you have a Personal Account or a PRO Account.

Registration and Applicable Terms. You can become a Registered User with a Personal or PRO Account by registering on the Site. 

By creating or using a PRO Account, you consent to and agree to be bound by the Terms, these Additional Registered User Terms, the Additional PRO Account & MVPs Pro Rewards Program Terms (including any MVPs Pro Rewards Program and subprograms) and Lowe’s Privacy Statement (https://www.lowes.com/l/privacy-and-security-statement.html) (collectively “PRO Terms”).
By creating or using a Personal Account, you consent to and agree to be bound by the Terms, these Additional Registered User Terms, the Additional MyLowe’s Rewards Terms and Lowe’s Privacy Statement (https://www.lowes.com/l/privacy-and-security-statement.html) (collectively “Personal Terms”)
“PRO Terms” and “Personal Terms” are collectively and individually “Additional Terms”. If you do not agree with any of the Additional Terms, you must discontinue use of the Registered Services.
Username and Password. As part of the registration process, you will be asked to select a username and password. Lowe’s may refuse to grant you a username that impersonates someone else, is or may be illegal, is or may be protected by trademark or other proprietary rights law, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, as determined by us in our sole discretion. You agree not to transfer, resell, share, allow unauthorized persons to use or otherwise facilitate access to or use of the Site through your Account. If you have reason to believe that your Account is no longer secure, you must promptly change your password on your Account and immediately notify Lowe’s of the problem by contacting Lowe’s customer care at 1-800-445-6937. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and any and all activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your Account. 



Member ID. 

“Member ID” is a QR Code in the App that may be used to identify you as a Registered User in store only to ensure that your purchases are MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases (as defined in the Personal Account specific section below) or PRO Tracked Purchases (as defined in the PRO Account specific section below).  

Lowe’s Wallet.

Access. To access the Lowe’s Wallet (“Wallet”), you must sign in to your Personal Account or PRO Account.
Use. The Wallet allows you to store certain payment methods, including, debit cards and credit cards such as Lowe’s Commercial Account (LCA), Lowe’s Business Advantage (LBA), MyLowe’s Rewards Credit Card, Lowe’s Business Rewards (LBR), a Lowe’s Gift Card, or other available payment methods. Lowe’s rewards, discounts, offers, and digital coupons may also be stored in the Wallet. In-store Credit (Merchandise Credit) cards, which are issued for non-receipted returns, cannot be added to the Wallet.
Scan To Pay. Scan to Pay is a feature built into the Lowe's Application (“Lowe’s App”) that allows Registered User to use their smartphone to pay for in-store purchases. Use of Scan To Pay is subject to these Terms. Scan to Pay simplifies in-store checkout by using a single QR code to apply Lowe's offers, coupons, rewards, and payment methods, including, Lowe’s gift cards, credit cards and debit cards. To use Scan to Pay in store, access the Wallet on the Lowe's App, select the desired options and follow the instructions on the register.
Adding Payment Methods to Wallet. 
To add a debit or credit card to the Wallet, you will need the card number, unless the card is already saved in your Lowes.com Personal or PRO Account, as well as the expiration date and CVV.
To add a Lowe’s Gift Card or E-Gift Card to the Wallet, you will need the card number and PIN. 
To add and use any other payment methods, you will need the authenticating information needed to sign in and access your account with the third-party digital wallet or other payment method.
Deactivation, Suspension or Closed Tender. If a debit or credit card, E-Gift Card, Gift Card, other payment method, reward, or offer that has been added to the Wallet is deactivated, suspended, closed, expired or otherwise not valid, you will not be able to apply that payment method to your purchase. Lowe’s reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to or use of the Wallet at any time, without notice and in its sole discretion.
No Financial Charge for Wallet. Lowe’s does not charge you to use the Wallet, but message and data rates may apply from your mobile phone service provider, and you are responsible for those fees and charges.
Confidentiality. If you use the Wallet, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Wallet, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur in the Wallet. The terms and conditions of your credit or debit card agreements or other payment method agreements govern the use of your payment method in the Wallet.
Restrictions or Limitations. Lowe’s may restrict, or otherwise limit, (i) the types of payment methods that may be added to the Wallet and (ii) the types of products or services that may be purchased through the payment methods that are loaded onto the Wallet. In addition, some products or services may require additional verification prior to completion of purchase through cards or payment methods loaded onto the Wallet. Any restrictions or limitations on such products or services may be without notice and are solely at Lowe’s discretion.

Communications From Lowe’s. By becoming a new Registered User, you agree and/or can voluntarily opt in to receive general and targeted advertising, marketing materials and other communications, including mail, email, other computer electronic messaging or other means from Lowe’s and its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Privacy; Financial Incentives. We may provide price discounts, coupons, services and other perks for (1) Account holders and members of our loyalty programs; (2) military and other discount holders; (3) members of our mailing and email list; and (4) customers who have signed up for our Lowe’s private labeled credit cards (collectively “Programs”). When you opt into our Programs, you acknowledge and consent to the financial incentives outlined under these Additional Terms. You also consent to Lowe’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (e.g., names, emails, phone numbers, address, online activities, transaction history, etc.) pursuant to the Lowe’s Privacy Statement when you opt in to our Programs. Lowe’s may use the information to identify you, to provide you with tailored products and services, and to enhance our relationship with you. You acknowledge that you understand there is no obligation to remain opted into our Programs and consumers may opt out at any time.

Submissions. As a Registered User, you may be able to upload information or data to your Account. The information or data you upload or enter into your Account is called “Submissions.” Lowe’s reserves the right to monitor any Submissions, but Lowe’s is under no legal obligation to do so. 

Your Submissions. 

For any Submissions that are covered by any intellectual property rights (“IP Content”), you grant Lowe’s a nonexclusive, perpetual, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use those Submissions (“IP License”) as Lowe’s sees fit in its sole discretion.
The IP License ends when you delete your IP Content from your Account, unless your IP Content has already been used outside your Account or shared with others and they have not deleted it.
You understand and agree that deleted IP Content may persist in backup copies of your Account, but deleted IP Content will not be available for your use or review from your Account once it has been deleted. 
You agree that Lowe’s, its affiliates and agents may use your name, email address, telephone number, and/or other Account information to access, review, edit and modify your Submissions, Tracked Purchases (defined in the Personal Account and PRO Account specific sections below) and other information associated with your Account.  
Deactivation of Your Account. Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or delete any or all material from your Account or the Site at any time. Lowe’s may also deactivate your Account for any reason and in its sole discretion. Deactivation of your Account for any reason, including at your request or as a result of Account inactivity, may result in all data and information uploaded or submitted by you or by Lowe’s, regardless of source, no longer being accessible to you, even if you decide to open a new Account. You acknowledge and agree that, except to the extent required by law, Lowe’s has no obligation to make a copy, electronic or otherwise, of your Submissions, Tracked Purchases or purchase history available to you at any time, including, without limitation, upon deactivation of your Account for any reason. 

Changing Account Types. You may change your Account from Personal to PRO at any time. Changing from a Personal to a PRO Account is not reversible and will result in the loss of any benefits unique to Personal Accounts, including, but not limited to, your Account status and any accrued rewards. Data associated with your Account, including, without limitation, any saved Payment Methods, MyLowe’s Rewards Account data, purchase history and personal addresses, will transfer to the PRO Account and be visible to any PRO Account admin. You may not change a PRO Account to a Personal Account. If you’d like to maintain a PRO and Personal Account, you will need to establish each Account separately and provide a unique email address for each Account.

Termination of Service. Lowe’s reserves the right to terminate your access to and use of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program and MVPs Pro Rewards Program (as defined below), your Account and the Registered Services, or any portion thereof, without liability, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, and without notice to you. You may choose to deactivate your Account at any time by contacting Lowe’s. PRO Account holders can contact Lowe’s at 1-844-LOW4PRO. Personal Account holders can contact Lowe’s at 1-800-444-6937.

Upon (i) deactivation of your Account, (ii) termination of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, the MVPs Pro Rewards Program or the Registered Services, or (iii) upon your violation of any Terms, your right to use the Registered Services will immediately cease.

Changes to the Additional Terms; No Waiver. Lowe’s may update, change, suspend, terminate, modify, add, end or delete the Additional Terms, your Account or the Site in its sole discretion at any time without notice. You agree to any updates, changes or modifications to the Additional Terms by continuing to use your Account and the Registered Services. Any failure by Lowe’s to enforce any of these Additional Terms shall in no way be construed to constitute a waiver of such Additional Term or any other Additional Term.

Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Terms
Personal Accounts. A Personal Account may be required to obtain and use certain Site features, programs and benefits, including, but not limited to, Lowe’s Military Discount, Subscriptions, certain Installation Services offered through the Site, and the MyLowe’s Rewards Program.

By creating or using a Personal Account, you understand and agree that you are joining the MyLowe’s Rewards Program (“MyLowe’s Rewards Program”), as further detailed herein, and agree to be bound by the Terms, including these Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Terms. A Registered User with a Personal Account may also be referred to individually as a “MyLowe’s Rewards Member” or “MLR Member” and collectively as “MyLowe’s Rewards Members” or “MLR Members”.

Personal Account Eligibility & Restrictions. Personal Accounts are available only to individuals at least age eighteen (or the age of majority in their jurisdiction) residing in the 50 United States (including Washington, D.C.). Business/commercial use is prohibited. Corporate and business organizations, including but not limited to Lowe’s Pro customers, government customers and cooperative purchasing programs, including GPOs Parent Organizations, are not eligible for the MyLowe’s Rewards Program.

Lowe’s makes no representations that MyLowe’s Rewards Program and any content or functionality available through MyLowe’s Rewards Program and its associated features are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the Site or participate MyLowe’s Rewards Program from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk and are responsible for complying with local laws, to the extent they are applicable. These Terms do not alter the terms and conditions of any other written agreement you may have with Lowe’s for other products, installations, and services. 

All Lowe’s employees with a Personal Account are eligible to participate in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program. Employees who do not have a Personal Account, are not enrolled in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, but may continue to use their physical employee discount card to receive the discount when shopping in-store. 

Unless expressly provided therein, the Personal Account and the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, including any subprogram, offers and benefits, cannot be combined with any (i) other loyalty or reward program (including MVPs Pro Rewards Program), promotion, discount, markdown, coupon, rebate or offer, including any Lowe’s volume or special discount programs (such as but not limited to Lowest Price Guarantee, Special Value, New Lower Price, Was:Now and credit discount offers); or (ii) associate-discretion price adjustments.

Personal Accounts and the MyLowe’s Rewards Program are not available, and each is void, where prohibited by federal, state, or local law. MyLowe’s Rewards Program, and any benefits offered to MLR Members may be modified by Lowe’s in its sole discretion. Your continued use of a Personal Account and/or your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program after notice of a change is posted on Lowes.com shall be considered your acknowledgement and acceptance of the change.

Notice of Benefits/Incentives. To receive MyLowe’s Rewards Program membership benefits, including, but not limited to, MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases (as define below) you must maintain a Personal Account. Lowe’s will not be able to provide you with MyLowe’s Rewards Program benefits if: (i) you do not maintain a Personal Account to track your eligible purchases and provide the necessary information to identify your Personal Account when making purchases (see MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases section below); or (ii) you deactivate your Personal Account, opt out of MyLowe’s Rewards benefits, or request that we delete your Personal Account or personal information. 

By creating or using a Personal Account, you consent to the financial incentives outlined under these Additional Terms, including, but not limited to, the “MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases,” “MyLowe’s Rewards Program,” and the financial incentives outlined in any offer or subprogram.

Personal Account Benefits. 

MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases. Lowe’s may track the purchases that you make on the Site while logged on to your Personal Account and purchases made in-store with your Member ID, Wallet Scan to Pay, or a registered phone number (collectively and individually “MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases”). MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases apply to purchases made at Lowe’s branded U.S. Stores or Lowes.com (including purchases made through Lowe’s contact center) and fulfilled by or on behalf of a Lowe’s branded US Store or Lowes.com. MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases may not appear in your Account immediately. Websites operated by or “powered by” third parties on behalf of Lowe’s, including websites that may be branded or co-branded with Lowe’s (e.g., applianceparts.lowes.com) are excluded from MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases and the MyLowe’s Rewards Loyalty Program. Purchases made at Lowe’s Outlet locations or Lowe’s delivery warehouses, or distribution centers are excluded from MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases. We may disclose your MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases in accordance with the Lowe’s Privacy Statement. Lowe’s reserves the right to correct any errors. If you have any issues, please contact Lowe’s at 1-800-445-6937.
Personal Account Purchases. Any eligible purchases made while signed into your Personal Account on the Site will be a MyLowe’s Tracked Purchase.
Member ID. MLR Members may scan their Member ID at checkout to ensure that eligible purchases are saved as MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases while shopping in store.
Phone Number. MLR Members may enter the phone number that is associated with their Personal Account at checkout to ensure that eligible purchases are saved as MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases.
Scan to Pay. MLR Members may use the Scan to Pay code in their Wallet while shopping in-store to ensure that eligible purchases are saved as MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases.
Purchase History. You must have a Personal Account and make MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases to have the ability to see online and in-store purchase history. Lowe’s reserves the right to limit purchase history including the number of years which remain available.
Purchases Through Digital Wallets. Purchases made through non-Lowe’s branded digital wallets (including purchases made with a MyLowe’s Rewards credit card through a third-party digital wallet) will not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Rewards or benefits, unless you are signed into your online Personal Account or provide the My Lowe’s ID or registered phone number that is associated to your account at checkout.
Third-Party Delivery Platforms. In addition, orders made on third-party delivery platforms (e.g., Instacart, etc.) will not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Rewards Program rewards or benefits. Orders placed by or on behalf of third-party aggregators, groups, organizations, and business entities will also not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Rewards Program rewards or benefits.
Miscellaneous.

Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, may (i) determine whether there has been fraud or abuse of any kind associated with your Personal Account and, (ii) if Lowe’s makes such a determination, terminate your Personal Account and/or your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any subprogram.
By creating a Personal Account, you accept all terms and conditions in these Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Terms and release Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and hold Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any claim, liability or damage relating to the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any subprogram, thereof.
LOWE’S, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OF WARRANTY AS TO ANY BENEFITS AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INJURY, DAMAGE, LOSS OR EXPENSE RESULTING FROM THE USE OR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY PART OF THE PERSONAL ACCOUNT, MYLOWE’S REWARDS PROGRAM OR ANY SUBPROGRAM.
Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to update, change, terminate, suspend, modify, add, end or delete any of these Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Program Terms with or without notice. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to the Site, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications.

MyLowe’s Rewards Program

The MyLowe’s Rewards Program provides MLR Members with certain benefits and offers (as described further herein) (collectively “MyLowe’s Rewards”), unless prohibited by applicable law, based on Personal Account Holder’s accrued spend on Eligible Purchases (as defined below) or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Lowe’s from time to time in Lowe’s sole discretion. MLR Members are placed in MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses (as defined below) based on the MLR Member’s accrued spend. The MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses determine the rate a MLR Member earns points on Eligible Purchases towards MyLowe’s Money rewards (“MyLowe’s Money”) that can be applied towards future Lowe’s purchases and may determine other benefits. 

There is no fee associated with the MyLowe’s Rewards Program. Your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program is unique to the MLR Member’s Personal Account. MyLowe’s Rewards Program. MyLowe’s Rewards, MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses, and Points, and MyLowe’s Money may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred. 

MyLowe’s Rewards, including Points and MyLowe’s Money available via the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, have no cash value, are purely promotional and do not constitute property of any MLR Member. No portion of any payment for Eligible Purchases under the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any MyLowe’s Rewards Status, member benefits, or any other MyLowe’s Rewards constitutes consideration paid for the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any MyLowe’s Rewards benefit. Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to limit the claiming or redemption of specific MyLowe’s Rewards and to limit the number of MyLowe’s Reward Statuses and MyLowe’s Rewards available.

MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. MyLowe’s Rewards Program is voluntary and based on consecutive MyLowe’s Rewards Program Periods (as defined herein), starting in the year in which a MLR Member joins MyLowe’s Rewards. The initial MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period is effective on the date the MyLowe’s Rewards Program becomes available in your area (see Program Rollout and Location Launch Calendar below) to December 31, 2024. Each subsequent MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period will be effective January 1 to December 31 of each calendar year, unless otherwise stated herein (each separate calendar year is a “MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period”). Lowe’s may, in its sole and exclusive discretion, designate different MyLowe’s Rewards Program Periods or modify, shorten or extend any MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. Eligible Purchases accrued spend expires at 12:01 a.m. ET on January 1 each Program Period.
Distribution of Benefits. All benefits and/or MyLowe’s Rewards, including MyLowe’s Money, generated will accrue during a MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period and will be auto-issued only to the Registered User of the Personal Account. For avoidance of doubt, MyLowe’s Rewards, including any Points and MyLowe’s Money (as defined herein), shall only accrue and be distributed to the Personal Account identified at the time of purchase.
Program Launch. Registered Users will be notified via email as to the start of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program in their respective area.
Withdrawing From MyLowe’s Rewards Program. If you are enrolled in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program and decide to deactivate or cancel your Personal Account, you will lose access to any stored information in your Personal Account, accrued and unused benefits, including any unused MyLowe’s Money saved in your Wallet. If you wish to deactivate your Account or delete your information, please contact us at 1-800-445-6937.
Eligible Purchases: “Eligible Purchases” are MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases that have been settled and fulfilled and appear on the Personal Account purchase history excluding: rental fees; labor services and special fees; warranties; Lowe’s Protection Plans; shipping and handling; delivery; surcharges; service fees; sales and use taxes; product fees, purchases of Lowe’s Gift Cards or other third-party Gift Cards,  or purchases or transactions made with MyLowe’s Rewards, including MyLowe’s Money, or other promotional items (such as free items), or purchases made using payment tender currently saved to an existing PRO Account.
MyLowe’s Rewards Program Status. The MyLowe’s Rewards Program has different membership levels (each a “MyLowe’s Rewards Status”), which is based on the MLR Member’s cumulative, accrued spend on Eligible Purchases in the applicable MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. See Table 1.1 below for the spend thresholds for each Status. MLR Members can reach one or more of the following MyLowe’s Rewards Program Statuses within a given MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period: Bronze Key, Silver Key, Gold Key. Each Status provides MLR Members with access to unique MyLowe’s Rewards Program benefits and offers, including lower spend threshold to receive free shipping, as discussed in detail below. Lowe’s in its sole discretion, may provide certain MLR Members with Silver Key Status based on criteria other than cumulative, accrued spend on Eligible Purchases. In such instances, these customers must still meet the accrued spend threshold in Table 1.1 to achieve the next Status. For example, a MLR Member receives Silver Key Status at a time MLR Member has $0 in accrued Eligible Purchase spend; such MLR Member must reach $2,000 of Eligible Purchase spend to achieve Gold Key Status.

During a MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period, MLR Member may move up into one or more MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses based on the MLR Member’s accrued Eligible Purchases. Once a MLR Member reaches a certain MyLowe’s Rewards Status, the MLR Member will maintain that MyLowe’s Status for the remainder of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period and the subsequent MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period provided Eligible Purchases are not returned. If a MLR Member does not make enough Eligible Purchases by the end of a given MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period to maintain the MyLowe’s Rewards Status reached the previous MyLowe’s Reward Program Period, then the MLR Member will begin the subsequent Program Period at the lower MyLowe’s Rewards Status that corresponds to the MLR Member’s actual accrued spend from Eligible Purchases made in the preceding MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. A MLR Member’s Eligible Purchase accrued spend will reset to zero at the beginning of each new MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. Lowe’s reserves the right to change, modify or update the requirements needed to earn each MyLowe’s Rewards Status (including, without limitation, the minimum amount of accrued spend required) and determine a MLR Member’s starting MyLowe’s Rewards Status for any MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period in its sole discretion.

Lower Threshold for Free Standard Shipping Benefit (Not Available in AK & HI). MLR Members may receive free standard shipping on eligible purchases if they meet a minimum purchase threshold. For example, MLR Members in the Bronze Key Status will receive free standard shipping on eligible purchases of $35 or more, subject to certain exclusions. MLR Members in the Silver and Gold Key Statuses will receive free standard shipping on eligible purchases without any minimum spend required. The lower free standard shipping threshold is only applicable to eligible purchases made through Lowes.com while a MLR Member is logged into their MyLowe’s Rewards Account. See Table 1.1 below for the minimum purchase thresholds a MLR Member must meet for each Status to receive free standard shipping on purchase orders. Standard shipping and Free Standard Shipping are not available in Alaska and Hawaii.
Table showing Accrued Spend Thresholds and Lower Shipping Thresholds for MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses.
View Detailed Chart Description
Points. MLR Members will earn points on Eligible Purchases in accordance with their MyLowe’s Status (“Points”). Points expire if no Eligible Purchases are made, and no Points are otherwise earned or awarded to the Account, for 365 days.
Points Calculation. 
Points will be awarded on Eligible Purchases in accordance with a MLR Member’s corresponding MyLowe’s Status. MLR Members in the Bronze Key Status will earn 1 Point per dollar spent on an Eligible Purchases; MLR Members in the Silver Key Status will earn 1.25 Points per dollar spent on Eligible Purchases; and MLR Members in the Gold Key Status will earn 1.5 Points per dollar spent on an Eligible Purchases. For illustrative purposes only, if a MLR Member in Silver Status made a $95 Eligible Purchase, the approximate number of Points awarded would be 118.75 Points.

Each MyLowe’s Rewards Status and the Points accrual rate is progressive, meaning the applicable percentage will only apply to the Eligible Purchase amount MLR Member spent within the applicable Status. Lowe’s will round partial cents to the nearest cent. Two different Points accrual percentages may apply to one Eligible Purchase. By way of example only, if a MLR Member needed $50 in in Eligible Purchases to move up to a higher MyLowe’s Status and spent $100 on a Eligible Purchase, $50 of such Eligible Purchase will earn Points at the lower MyLowe’s Rewards Status and the remaining $50 will earn Points at the higher MyLowe’s Rewards Status.

Lowe’s in its sole discretion may offer additional points or a higher rate of points per dollar spent for certain or select Eligible Purchases. When expressed as a multiplier of Points, the y Points awarded will be calculated by multiplying the Eligible Purchase amount (accounting for MLR Member’s Status) by the stated multiplier. For example, A Silver Key Status MLR Member makes a $100 Eligible Purchase with a 2X Points offer; this MLR Member would earn 250 Points ($100 x 1.25 x 2 = 250).
 Returns of Eligible Purchases. If an item(s) from an Eligible Purchase is returned, the returned amount will be deducted from Eligible Purchase accrued spend and Points. If a return is made after MyLowe’s Money has been issued, a MLR Member’s Account may reflect a negative Points balance.
Additional Points Offerings. From time to time, Lowe’s, or others acting with our permission, may offer MLR Members opportunities to earn Points for engaging in certain promotional activities; upon achieving certain MyLowe’s Rewards Program milestones; or completing other actions or opportunities as may be presented. Points for such offerings will be awarded as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth within that offer.
MyLowe’s Rewards Credit Card Holder Benefit. MyLowe’s Rewards Credit Card (‘MLRCC’) holders will be upgraded to Silver Key Status, and have access to Silver Key benefits, when their LAC is saved to their MyLowe’s Rewards Wallet. Certain LAC holders may need to save their LAC card to their MyLowe’s Reward Wallet themselves by following the instructions on the Site. If  MLR Member terminates their LAC credit line, the MLR Member’s MyLowe’s Status will be placed in the MyLowe’s Rewards Status that matches their current Eligible Purchases spend accrual. For example, if MLR Member terminates their LAC credit line, and MLR Member’s spend threshold matches Bronze Key, then, the MLR Member will be moved from the Silver Key Status to the Bronze Key Status.
MyLowe’s Money.  MLR Members will be automatically issued MyLowe’s Money to their Wallet in $5 increments when a MLR Member accrues 500 Points and those Points will be deducted from the MLR Members Points balance. MyLowe’s Money can be applied towards future purchases that are made on or before the expiration date set forth on each MyLowe’s Money certificate. If not used within the redemption period, then the MyLowe’s Money expires. If no redemption period or expiration date is stated, then the expiration date will be thirty (30) days from date of its issuance.
MyLowe’s Money is non-transferrable and is not a credit, debit or gift card; it has no implied warranties. There is a limit of 5 MyLowe’s Money per transaction. MyLowe’s Money will be applied to a MLR Member’s purchase after all applicable discounts, coupons, taxes and fees have been applied. MyLowe’s Money cannot be exchanged for cash, is void if altered, defaced, copied, transferred, or sold (thru any on-line auction or otherwise). MyLowe’s Money may not be redeemed or used on (1) gift cards, including Lowe’s-branded gift cards; (2) payments to a Lowe’s credit card or any third-party charge account; (3) on any Lowe’s branded website operated by a 3rd party; or (4) Weber, Kichler or Miele products. Returns: for merchandise purchased with MyLowe’s Money return value will be applied first to payment method and any remaining value will be returned as MyLowe’s Money to customer’s Wallet.
A MLR Member may use a partial amount of their MyLowe’s Money, but the MLR Member cannot dictate the amount of MyLowe’s Money that will be applied towards a purchase (i.e., a MLR Member cannot decide to use a pre-determined amount of MyLowe’s Money on a purchase). If a MLR Member purchases a $3.00 product and uses $3.00 out of the $5.00 available on the MyLowe’s Money certificate, the MLR Member can later apply the remaining $2.00 towards a future purchase that is made within the applicable redemption period.
Returns with MyLowe’s Money. MLR Members who return an item that was purchased with MyLowe’s Money will receive the MyLowe’s Money back to their Account  or in the form of one or more In-store Credit (Merchandise Credit) cards in Lowe’s discretion. If the MyLowe’s Money that was used to make the purchase has expired and Lowe’s issues replacement MyLowe’s Money, your MyLowe’s Money will be returned to the Wallet with an updated expiration date. For returns of orders partially paid with MyLowe’s Money, MLR Members will first receive the returned payment to their payment method (cash, credit or debit card) and then any remaining amount will be returned to the MLR Member’s Wallet as MyLowe’s Money or in the form of one or more In-store Credit (Merchandise Credit) cards in Lowe’s discretion.
Expiration of Benefits; Inactive Accounts. At the end of each MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period, a MLR Member’s accrued Eligible Purchases balance will reset to $0.00. Unclaimed or unused MyLowe’s Rewards, including MyLowe’s Money, expire upon the exit, cancellation or termination of your MyLowe’s Rewards Account as described below. If you have any questions regarding your MyLowe’s Rewards Account status, please contact Lowe’s by calling 1-800-445-6937. 
Suspension or Termination. Lowe’s reserves the right to terminate or suspend a Registered User’s Personal Account if the Personal Account remains inactive for a period of two (2) years or more. Accordingly, if a MLR Member does not make an Eligible Purchase within a two (2) year time period after the MLR Member’s initial Account creation or a MLR Member’s last recorded Eligible Purchase, whichever occurs later, Lowe’s reserves the right to terminate or suspend the Registered User’s Personal Account. You understand and agree that the termination or suspension by Lowe’s of a Personal Account will result in the cancellation of all MyLowe’s Rewards Benefits.
Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to update, change, modify, add, end, delete, suspend or terminate the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any or all benefits under the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any policy pertaining to the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to discontinue or change the MyLowe’s Statuses or change the expiration date or claiming or redemption value of Points or MyLowe’s Money, merge the MyLowe’s Rewards Program with another program, or adjust how Points or MyLowe’s Money are received, calculated or claimed.
If Lowe’s elects to terminate or modify in a material way the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any benefits or policies of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, Lowe’s will provide a notice of the material modification or termination by posting the modifications or notice of termination to Lowes.com. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Any modifications will become effective immediately after such posting or other such notification. We encourage you to review these Terms regularly for modifications. In the event of such termination, at Lowe’s election, Lowe’s may, in its sole discretion, allow you to claim any outstanding unclaimed and unexpired Rewards (if any) accrued through the date of such termination for ninety (90) days after such termination.
Taxes. You are solely liable and responsible for any applicable federal, state or local taxes arising out of your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program. Please consult your tax adviser concerning any tax consequences that may arise from your participation.
Customer Service. For MyLowe’s Rewards Program assistance, please contact 1-800-445-6937 for MyLowe’s Rewards.
Additional PRO Account and MVPs Terms
PRO Account Specific Benefits. A PRO Account may be required to obtain and use certain site features, programs and benefits, including but not limited to the MVPs Pro Rewards & Partnership Program, Bulk Purchasing, and Pro Exclusive Pricing. By creating or using a PRO Account, you (“you”) are joining the MVPs Pro Rewards & Partnership Program (“MVPs Pro Rewards Program” or “Program”), and you understand and agree that you are participating in the Loyalty Program on behalf of your company or business.

Please note that certain benefits that are available to Personal Accounts are not available to PRO Accounts. Converting a Personal Account into a PRO Account will result in the loss of certain benefits exclusive to Personal Accounts, including Military Discount, Subscriptions and MyLowe’s features, and any other benefits unique to Personal Accounts.

These PRO Terms do not alter the terms and conditions of any other written agreement you may have with Lowe’s for other products and services.

PRO Accounts. PRO Accounts must be registered under a business name (the “Organization”). An individual User with authority to bind the Organization may create a single Account for an Organization (“Primary Admin”), and any other admin may invite others to create additional user Accounts as part of the Organization. To have multiple Users under a single Organization Account, the Primary Admin must invite those users to register using the email link, code provided through your PRO Account or other methods as determined by Lowe’s. A credit or debit card can only be registered to the MVPs Pro Rewards Program for one Organization. Attempts to register the same tender to multiple Organizations may result in limited benefits or functionality. All Rewards associated with a Registered Tender belong to the Organization and not the User registering the card.

By creating a PRO Account, you represent and warrant to Lowe’s that you are fully authorized to create and manage that Account on behalf of the company associated with that Account.

PRO Account Eligibility and Restrictions. PRO Accounts are available only to business customers in the 50 United States (and DC). Personal use is prohibited. Business customers with a National Account contract, Group Purchasing Organizations (“GPO”) Parent Organizations and Government customers may not be eligible for certain benefits of PRO Accounts, including the MVPs Pro Rewards Program and subprograms. The terms of any written contract or agreement with any Government, GPO Parent Organization, National Account or Managed Account customer shall supersede any conflicting terms herein. Customers who self-identify as government organizations will be opted out of Program by default and must opt-in eligible to receive Rewards.

PRO Accounts and the MVPs Pro Rewards Program are not available and each is void where prohibited by federal, state or local law.

Unless expressly provided therein and except for Lowe’s Every Day 5% Credit discount offer, the PRO Account, the MVPs Pro Rewards Program, or any subprogram offers and benefits cannot be combined with any (i) other promotion, discount, markdown, coupon, rebate or offer, including any Lowe’s volume or special discount programs (such as but not limited to Contractor Packs, Buy in Bulk, Volume Savings Program (“VSP”), Military Discount, Employee Discount, Lowest Price Guarantee, Special Value, New Lower Price, Was:Now and credit discount offers); or (ii) associate-discretion price adjustments.

Notice of Benefits/Incentives for Account Maintenance. To receive MVPs Pro Rewards Program membership benefits, including but not limited to PRO Tracked Purchases (as defined below), you must maintain a PRO Account. Some Program membership benefits are earned via qualifying purchases. Lowe’s will not be able to provide you with membership benefits: (i) if you do not maintain a PRO Account to track and register your tender to allow Lowe’s to track your qualifying purchases; or (ii) if you cancel your Account, opt out of membership benefits, or request that we delete your Account or personal information. 
By creating or using a PRO Account, you consent to the financial incentives outlined under these Additional Terms, including but not limited to “PRO Tracked Purchases,” “Subprograms,” “Special Offers” and the financial incentives outlined in any offer or subprogram. 


Customer Opt-Out of MVPs Pro Rewards Program Benefits. By creating or using a PRO Account, you opt in to participate in the Program and benefits, including any subprograms for which you meet the eligibility requirements, which is required to maintain a PRO Account. If you are eligible for Program benefits and decide to opt out, you will no longer be able to use your PRO Account and must discontinue use of your PRO Account or delete it, as directed by Lowe’s. If you are ineligible for certain benefits (customer types that may be ineligible include Government, nonprofit or health care), if you want to delete your Account or have questions about claiming or redeeming Rewards, please contact us at 1-844-LOW4PRO.

Termination or Suspension of Your Account or the MVPs Pro Rewards Program. Upon deactivation of your PRO Account or termination of the Program, or upon your violation of these Additional Terms, your right to have an Account or receive any benefits or otherwise participate in the Program will immediately cease to the extent permitted by laws and regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless Lowe’s terminates your PRO Account for cause, you or your Organization (as applicable) will receive any reward earned up to the date of deactivation or termination, unless the reward terms specifically provide otherwise. “For cause” includes, without limitation, your suspected or actual fraud, abuse, or violation of any PRO Terms as determined in Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion.

Upon suspension of your PRO Account, you and/or your Organization (as applicable) will not receive or accrue any benefits, and any purchases made by you or by another User within your Organization during a suspension will not accrue as Qualifying Purchases, as defined below, for any program or subprogram.

PRO Account Benefits.

PRO Tracked Purchases. Lowe’s may track for the MVPs Pro Rewards Program all the purchases that you make with Registered Tender (as defined below), purchases made using your PRO Account or purchases made with Member ID (collectively and individually “PRO Tracked Purchases”). PRO Tracked Purchases will be tracked for all purchases made at Lowe’s branded US Stores or Lowes.com (including purchases made through Lowe’s contact center) and fulfilled by or on behalf of a Lowe’s branded US Store or Lowes.com. Purchases may not appear in your Account immediately. Websites operated by or “powered by” third parties on behalf of Lowe’s, including websites that may be branded or co-branded with Lowe’s, are excluded (e.g., applianceparts.lowes.com). Purchases made at Lowe’s Outlet locations, Lowe’s Pro Supply or Lowe’s delivery warehouses or distribution centers are excluded from PRO Tracked Purchases. For Lowe’s Commercial Accounts utilizing the “Connect LCA” feature on Lowes.com, purchases made in store will only be visible to admins of the Organization. This information may be shared with Lowe’s service providers, subject to Lowe’s Privacy Statement. Lowe’s reserves the right to correct any errors. If you have any issues, please contact Lowe’s at 1-844-LOW4PRO.
Registered Tender. By saving a credit or debit card to your PRO Account Wallet (as defined below) you are registering that tender for participation in the MVPs Pro Rewards and any subprograms (“Registered Tender”) (as defined below). Cards previously saved to your Account will be automatically included as Registered Tender as of Jan. 7, 2022, and you must remove any cards you do not want included as Registered Tender. The first Organization to register a tender will be the only Organization to get credit for purchases made using that tender for purposes of MVPs Pro Rewards Program if that tender is registered to multiple Organizations.
Registering a Lowe’s Commercial Account (“LCA”) (previously known as Lowe’s Accounts Receivable (“LAR”)). Any LCA accounts that are connected to a given Organization’s Pro Account via the “Connect LCA” feature on Lowes.com will be considered Registered Tender. If an LCA is registered to multiple Organizations via the “Connect LCA” feature, then no Organization will receive credit for purchases made using that tender.
Applying for a Lowe’s Business Card. If you apply for a Lowe’s Business Credit Card while signed in to your Account, Lowe’s will share your data with Synchrony to pre-fill your credit application, and the card will automatically be saved to your digital PRO Wallet upon credit approval.
PRO Account Purchases. Any purchases made while signed in to your Account on Lowes.com will be a PRO Tracked Purchase, unless the offer, program or subprogram states otherwise. Purchases made using Punchout or an e-procurement solution will not count as a PRO Tracked Purchase unless also using Registered Tender. Purchases made with Registered Tender will be a PRO Tracked Purchase only for the Organization that has registered the tender even if another organization uses it while signed in to their Lowes.com PRO Account.
Member ID. MVPs Pro Rewards Program members must scan their Member ID in store to ensure that purchases made with cash, check and unregistered cards are PRO Tracked Purchases. Purchases made with Registered Tender will be a PRO Tracked Purchase only for the Organization that has registered the tender even if another organization uses that Registered Tender with a Member ID during an in-store purchase.
Purchase History. You must have a PRO Account and make PRO Tracked Purchases on the associated PRO Account on behalf of the Organization to have the ability to see online and in-store purchase history.
Purchases Through Digital Wallets. Purchases made through non-Lowe’s branded digital wallets (including purchases made with Registered Tender through a third-party digital wallet) will not count toward or be eligible for Program rewards or benefits, unless you are signed in to your PRO Account or use Member ID.
Third-Party Delivery Platforms. In addition, orders made on third-party delivery platforms (e.g., Instacart, etc.) will not count toward or be eligible for MVPs Pro Rewards Program rewards or benefits. Orders placed by or on behalf of third-party aggregators, groups, organizations and business entities will also not count toward or be eligible for MVPs Pro Rewards Program rewards or benefits.
PRO Quotes
The prices quoted are valid until the date and time shown on the quote, subject to the following exclusions, conditions, and exceptions.
Any changes you make to a quote, including, but not limited to, adding or removing one or more items or changing the quantity of any item or items, will result in the immediate cancellation of such quote and the generation of a new quote.
The availability of additional discounts will be subject to Lowe’s standard discount policy. Additional discounts will be calculated at checkout if applicable.
A quote is subject to item availability, which is not guaranteed. Additionally, Lowe’s reserves the right to limit the quantities of items sold to customers.
Lowe’s is a supplier of materials only. Lowe’s does not engage in the practice of engineering, architecture, or general contracting. Lowe’s does not assume selection or choice of materials for a general or specific use; for quantities or sizing of materials; for the use or installation of materials; or for compliance with any building code or standard of workmanship.
All quotes are based on Lowe’s standard commercial terms. Lowe’s does not agree to any terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, governmental regulations) unless agreed to in writing separately and signed by an authorized Lowe’s representative. If terms and conditions are presented, product selection and pricing may change pending legal review.
Return of any items purchased through a quote is only available in store. See lowes.com/returns for further details.
Taxes and delivery will be added at time of purchase as applicable.
Miscellaneous.

Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, may (i) determine whether there has been fraud or abuse of any kind associated with your PRO Account and, (ii) if Lowe’s makes such a determination, terminate your PRO Account and/or your participation in the MVPs Pro Rewards Program or any subprogram.
By creating a PRO Account, you accept all terms and conditions in these Additional Terms and release Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and hold Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any claim, liability or damage relating to the Program or any subprogram, thereof.
LOWE’S, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OF WARRANTY AS TO ANY BENEFITS AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INJURY, DAMAGE, LOSS OR EXPENSE RESULTING FROM THE USE OR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY PART OF THE PRO ACCOUNT, MVPS PRO REWARDS PROGRAM OR ANY SUBPROGRAM.
Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to update, change, terminate, suspend, modify, add, end or delete any of these Additional PRO Account and Loyalty Terms or the Loyalty Program with or without notice. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications.

MVPS PRO REWARDS PROGRAM

Program Period. The Loyalty Program is effective from January 1 to December 31 of each calendar year unless otherwise stated herein (each separate calendar year is a “Program Period”). Lowe’s may, in its sole and exclusive discretion, designate different Program Periods or modify, shorten or extend any Program Period. Accrued spend reached by each User during a Program Period expires each year at 12:01 a.m. ET on January 1 of the succeeding Program Period.
Organizations and Distribution of Benefits. All benefits and rewards generated by all individual User(s) within an Organization will accrue and be distributed only to the Organization. For avoidance of doubt, benefits and rewards tied to PRO Tracked Purchases shall only accrue and be distributed to the Organization to which the User(s) making the PRO Tracked Purchases belongs. If a User is removed from an Organization, any rewards/benefits accrued based on that User’s PRO Tracked Purchases will remain with the Organization. The claiming or redemption and distribution of benefits and rewards remains within the Organization’s discretion; however, all claiming, redemption and distribution must be facilitated through the Primary Admin on behalf of the Organization.
PROGRAM OFFERS AND BENEFITS

MVPs Pro Rewards Program Description. The MVPs Pro Rewards Program allows Organizations to earn certain rewards (including, without limitation, MVPs Earn Back Rewards and Paint Rewards) and other Member Benefits (as defined below) (collectively “Rewards”), unless prohibited by applicable law, on an Organization basis, based on their Users’ accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases (as defined below) or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Lowe’s from time to time in Lowe’s sole discretion. Organizations are placed in MVPs Levels (as defined below) based on their Users’ accrued spend, and the MVPs Levels determine the level of Rewards an Organization earns, as more fully described below. For more information on MVPs Levels, Rewards and Program features and experiences, please visit the MVPs Pro Rewards Program page.
There is no fee associated with the Program. Your participation in the Program is unique to the Organization under which you are registered for the Program. MVPs Levels and Rewards may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred, except that the Program may allow a Primary Admin on behalf of the Organization to allocate certain Rewards in certain limited instances as described below. Rewards available via the MVPs Program have no cash value, are purely promotional and do not constitute property of any User or Organization (as applicable). No portion of any payment for purchases qualifying for the Program or any MVPs Level, Member Benefits or Rewards constitutes consideration paid for the Program or any MVPs Level or Rewards. Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to limit the claiming or redemption of specific Rewards and to limit the number of MVPs Levels and Rewards available.
MVPs Pro Rewards Program Periods. Participation in the Program is based on consecutive Program Periods, starting in the year in which an Organization joins the MVPs Pro Rewards Program. The initial Program Period is effective from Jan. 7, 2022 to Dec. 31, 2022. Each subsequent Program Period will begin on January 1 of the applicable calendar year.
At the end of each Program Period, all unclaimed Rewards and Member Benefits will be forfeited, subject to the exclusions set forth below. Lowe’s may, in its sole and exclusive discretion, designate a different Program Period or modify, suspend, shorten or extend a Program Period with respect to the Program.
MVPs Pro Rewards Program Eligibility. In order to be eligible for the Program, you must have a PRO Account. Government customers and cooperative purchasing programs, including GPOs Parent Organizations, are not eligible for the Program. Resellers are expressly excluded from the MVPs Pro Rewards Program. Commercial customers with a National Account contract are not eligible for MVPs Earn Back Rewards.
MVPs Pro Rewards Program Qualifying Purchases. Qualifying purchases include net completed purchases of qualifying products as further detailed below and subject to the exclusions below (“Qualifying Purchases”). “Completed purchases” means the transaction has been settled and fulfilled and the transaction appears on the Organization’s Account purchase history. Qualifying Purchases are PRO Tracked Purchases calculated based on the actual amount paid on any completed purchases of products made by the Organization during the Program Period after any allowable discounts are applied, if any, and excluding: labor services and special fees; warranty; Lowe’s Protection Plans; shipping and handling; delivery; surcharges; service fees; sales and use taxes; and product fees. Qualifying Purchases do not include: (i) purchases of electrical cable and electrical wires; (ii) purchases of Lowe’s Gift Cards or Gift Certificates or other third-party Gift Cards or Gift Certificates; (iii) purchases made using an employee discount (iv) purchases or transactions made with Rewards or other promotional items (such as free items), whether made in store, online or through the Lowe’s app; (v) government purchases; (vi) purchases made for personal use, including any purchase using a Personal Account or Military Discount; (vii) purchases made on tender previously registered by another Organization; or (viii) purchases identified as reseller activity in Lowe’s sole discretion. In addition, any purchase of Paint (as defined below) will be a Qualifying Purchase only for the purposes of determining MVPs Level but will not be a Qualifying Purchase for purposes of calculating MVPs Earn Back Rewards.
If an item from a Qualifying Purchase is returned, the return amount will be deducted from Qualifying Purchase spend toward earning Rewards. If the item is returned after a Reward has been issued, your Account may reflect a negative balance.
For a new PRO Account, once your Account is created, Lowe’s will recognize any Qualifying Purchase made online while logged into your Account and any Qualifying Purchase made in store while using Registered Tender or Member ID.
Qualifying Purchases made between the date of confirmed MVPs Earn Back Rewards eligibility and 12/31/22 will count toward the MVPs Earn Back Rewards calculation as defined below.
MVPs Levels. Each Organization can reach one or more MVPs Levels: MVPs, Silver MVPs, Gold MVPs, Platinum MVPs (each, an “MVPs Level”) based on the accrued spend within a given Program Period from that Organization’s Users’ Qualifying Purchases. Details regarding the MVPs Levels are available through the MVPs Pro Rewards Program page. Upon joining the Program, an Organization will be placed in the lowest MVPs Level. As an Organization’s Users make Qualifying Purchases during the applicable Program Period, the Organization may move up into one or more MVPs Levels based on the Organization’s Users’ accrued spend. The Organization will remain in its starting MVPs Level through that Program Period unless and until its Users’ accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases in that same Program Period moves the Organization up into a higher MVPs Level. The highest MVPs Level reached from accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases during a given Program Period will be that Organization’s starting MVPs Level for the subsequent Program Period. If an Organization does not make enough Qualifying Purchases in a given Program Period to maintain its MVPs Level for the subsequent Program Period, the Organization will begin the subsequent Program Period at the lower MVPs Level corresponding to its accrued spend from Qualifying Purchases in that preceding Program Period. Lowe’s reserves the right to change, modify or update the requirements needed to earn each MVPs Level status (including, without limitation, the minimum amount of accrued spend required), Rewards and/or Member Benefits and determine your starting MVPs Level for any Program Period in its sole discretion.
Summary.
Each Program Period is one year.
Users’ accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases during a given Program Period determines which MVPs Level the Organization is in for that Program Period. Users’ accrued spend resets to zero at the start of each Program Period.
The MVPs Level the Organization is in at the end of a given Program Period will be the MVPs Level at which the Organization begins the subsequent Program Period, but the Organization can move up into a higher MVPs Level based on Users’ accrued spend in that subsequent Program Period.
Organizations do not move down into a lower MVPs Level within the same Program Period. However, an Organization will begin a subsequent Program Period at a lower MVPs Level if the Organization’s Users’ accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases within the immediately preceding Program Period do not meet the minimum amount required to maintain the same MVPs Level.
MVPs Earn Back Rewards. “MVPs Earn Back Rewards” will be calculated as a percentage of the accrued spend from Qualifying Purchases made during a Program Period by the Organization’s Users, and the Organization’s accrued reward balance will be available to the Primary Admin in the Organization’s Pro Account. MVPs Earn Back Rewards will be issued in the form of electronic Lowe’s Gift Cards (“Lowe’s E-Gift Card” or “E-Gift Card”) that will appear in the Primary Admin’s Wallet once the accrued reward balance is claimed as an E-Gift Card by the Primary Admin on behalf of the Organization. The percentage is determined by the Organization’s MVPs Level at the time the Qualifying Purchase was made, except if the amount spent on a specific Qualifying Purchase would result in the Organization moving up to a higher MVPs Level, in which case the percentage will be calculated on a pro rata basis (see example below). Only PRO Tracked Purchases will count toward MVPs Earn Back Rewards calculation or MVPs Level determination (i.e., purchases made without using Registered Tender, Member ID or while not signed in to your PRO Account will not count). Paint Qualifying Purchases (as defined below) will not count toward MVPs Earn Back Rewards calculation.
MVPs Earn Back Rewards Calculation. The MVPs Earn Back Reward amount will be determined in accordance with the graduated percentages in Table 2.1 below. Each MVPs Level and the MVPs Earn Back Reward percentage earned are progressive, meaning the applicable percentage will only apply to the amount spent within the MVPs Level. Lowe’s will round partial cents to the nearest cent. It is possible for two percentages to be applied to one Qualifying Purchase for the purpose of calculating the Reward. By way of example only, if an Organization needed to accrue $50 in order to move up to a higher MVPs Level and a User spends $100 on a Qualifying Purchase, half of that Qualifying Purchase will be used to calculate MVPs Earn Back Rewards at the lower MVPs Level and half will be used to calculate MVPs Earn Back Rewards at the higher MVPs Level.


A table showing M V Ps levels, qualifying purchase spend and Earn Back reward percentages.
View Detailed Chart Description
Legacy Paint Program Transition. On March 7, 2022, Lowe’s For Pros Loyalty Paint Rewards Pilot Program members (“Legacy Paint Members”) will be transitioned to the MVPs Pro Paint Rewards program. Lowe’s, in its sole discretion, will determine Legacy Paint Members’ initial Paint Tier based on the Organization’s 2021 spend in the legacy paint program. Lowe’s, in its sole discretion, will calculate the spend from Jan. 7, 2022, forward to determine the Organization’s 2023 starting Paint Tier.
MVPs Paint Qualifying Purchases. Paint Qualifying Purchases include net completed purchases of only interior paint, exterior paint, exterior stains, floor coatings, primers, resurfacers, barn and fence paint, masonry waterproofers, and marine coatings (collectively “Paint”) and subject to the exclusions below (“Paint Qualifying Purchases”). Completed purchases means the transaction has been settled and fulfilled and the transaction appears on the Organization’s Account purchase history. Paint Qualifying Purchases are PRO Tracked Purchases calculated based on the actual amount paid on any completed purchases of Paint made by the Organization during the Program Period after any allowable discounts are applied, if any, excluding shipping and handling; delivery; surcharges; service fees; sales and use taxes; and product fees. Qualifying Purchases do not include (i) mistints; (ii) purchases made using an employee discount; (iii) purchases or transactions made with Rewards or other promotional items (such as free items), whether made in store, online or through the Lowe’s App; (iv) paint purchases made for personal use, including any purchase using a Personal Account or Military Discount; or (v) paint purchases made on tender previously registered by another Organization.
If an item from a Paint Qualifying Purchase is returned, the return amount will be deducted from Paint Qualifying Purchase spend toward earning Paint Rewards. If the item is returned after a Paint Reward has been issued, your Account may reflect a negative balance.
Paint Tiers. Each Organization can reach one or more paint tiers (“Paint Tier(s)”) based on the accrued spend within a given Program Period from that Organization’s Users’ Paint Qualifying Purchases (as defined below). Details regarding the Paint Tiers are available through the MVPs Pro Rewards Program page. Upon joining the Program, an Organization will be placed in the lowest Paint Tier. As an Organization’s Users make Paint Qualifying Purchases during the applicable Program Period, the Organization may move up into one or more Paint Tier(s) based on the Organization’s Users’ Paint Qualifying Purchase accrued spend. The Organization will remain in its starting Paint Tier through that Program Period unless and until its Users’ accrued spend on Paint Qualifying Purchases in that same Program Period moves the Organization up into a higher Paint Tier. The highest Paint Tier reached from accrued spend on Paint Qualifying Purchases during a given Program Period will be that Organization’s starting Paint Tier for the subsequent Program Period. If an Organization does not make enough Paint Qualifying Purchases in a given Program Period to maintain its Paint Tier for the subsequent Program Period, the Organization will begin the subsequent Program Period at the lower Paint Tier corresponding to its accrued spend from Paint Qualifying Purchases in that preceding Program Period. Lowe’s reserves the right to change, modify or update the requirements needed to earn each Paint Tier status (including, without limitation, the minimum amount of accrued spend required), Rewards and/or Member Benefits and determine your starting Paint Tier for any Program Period in its sole discretion. 
Paint Rewards. “Paint Rewards” will be calculated as a percentage of the spend from Paint Qualifying Purchases made during a Program Period by the Organization’s Users, pursuant to the Paint Rewards Calculation described below, and the Organization’s accrued reward balance will be available to the Primary Admin in the Organization’s Rewards Program dashboard within its Pro Account. Paint Rewards will be issued in the form of electronic Lowe’s E-Gift Card that will appear in the Primary Admin's Wallet once the accrued reward balance is claimed as an E-Gift Card by the Primary Admin on behalf of the Organization.
Paint Rewards Calculation. Paint Rewards amount will be determined in accordance with the graduated percentages in Table 2.2 below. Each tier and the reward amount earned are progressive, meaning the applicable percentage will only apply to the amount spent within the Paint Tier. It is possible for two percentages to be applied to one Paint Qualifying Purchase for the purpose of calculating the Paint Reward. Lowe’s will round partial cents to the nearest cent. By way of example only, if an Organization needed to accrue $50 in order to move up to a higher tier and a User spends $100 on a Paint Qualifying Purchase, half of that Qualifying Purchase will be used to calculate Paint Rewards at the lower tier and half will be used to calculate Paint Rewards at the higher Paint Tier.
A table showing paint qualifying purchase accrued spend and Paint Reward percentage.
View Detailed Chart Description
Illustration: An Organization creates a PRO Account on Feb. 3, 2023, and adds a Registered Tender on Feb. 5, 2023. The Organization had two Qualifying Purchases using the Registered Tender in February 2023: $500 on Feb. 7, 2023, and $1,000 on Feb. 8, 2023. From March 1 to Dec. 31, 2023, the Organization spent an additional $2,000 in Qualifying Purchases on April 3, 2023, and an additional $5,000 in Qualifying Purchases on Oct. 10, 2023, in separate transactions. The Reward amount will be calculated as follows:
A table showing paint purchases and the calculations leading to the reward amounts.
View Detailed Chart Description
Claiming of Rewards Issued as Lowe’s E-Gift Cards. To claim your Organization’s Rewards issued as Lowe’s E-Gift Cards, the Primary Admin must access the available MVPs Pro Rewards dashboard on the Lowe’s App or online at www.lowes.com to view available accrued reward balance and then claim an available E-Gift Card on behalf of the Organization. An Organization must reach the applicable status or tier before it is eligible to earn or claim Rewards. All available Rewards must be claimed by the end of each Program Period, except that any MVPs Earn Back Rewards or Paint Rewards earned from Qualifying Purchases or Paint Qualifying Purchases (as applicable) made in December may be claimed until January 15 of the following Program Period (or any other time frame as Lowe’s may determine in its sole discretion) by calling 1-844-LOW4PRO. Rewards do not roll over into any subsequent Program Periods. Any Rewards not claimed by the applicable deadline will be forfeited. Lowe’s reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to only offer Lowe’s E-Gift Cards in a minimum amount or in whole-dollar denominations, or as otherwise determined by Lowe’s. MVPs Earn Back Rewards or Paint Rewards can only be claimed in full, which means the Organization must claim the maximum amount of MVPs Earn Back Rewards or Paint Rewards available to it at the time of claiming. The maximum Lowe’s E-Gift Card that can be claimed at one time is $2,000. Any accrued reward balance above $2,000 can be claimed with additional E-Gift Card(s). Rewards may be subject to additional terms and will expire in accordance with the terms stated for that Reward. Determinations regarding claiming of Rewards are subject to Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion. Lowe’s E-Gift Cards do not expire. 
The amount of claimed Rewards will be subtracted from the accrued reward balance associated with the Organization’s Account immediately when a Reward is requested based on the total Rewards dollars for the claimed Reward. For example, if the Organization has earned $25.30 in Rewards, the Organization must claim $25.30, which will be deducted from the Organization’s Account. In the event Lowe’s determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Reward requested by that Primary Admin is unused and unavailable and the situation justifies restoration, the amount of such requested Reward will be restored to the Organization’s Account. Lowe’s reserves the right to limit the claiming of specific Rewards and to limit the number of Rewards available at any particular MVPs Level.  
MVPs Bonus Points Program. Between July 11, 2022, and December 31, 2024 (unless we extend otherwise), Organizations will have the opportunity to earn and redeem bonus points (“Bonus Points”) through the Program. Bonus Points are automatically tracked at the time of the qualifying purchase, transaction or activity as defined by Lowe’s from time to time (“Points Offers” or “Offerings”). Lowe’s is under no obligation to provide Organizations with any particular number of Points Offers or special offers, or to send messages to such Organizations. 
Bonus Points. Bonus Points will be credited to the Pro Account upon consummation of the Points Offers. Bonus Points for any Points Offers / Offerings may only be credited to the Organization (1) Pro Account. In certain cases, Bonus Points may not immediately be credited to the Organization’s PRO Account. Lowe’s shall not be responsible for, or liable to, any Organization, User, person or entity, in any way, for any losses, costs or expenses incurred by a delay or error in crediting Bonus Points to an Organization’s Pro Account. 
The total Bonus Points available for an Organization’s Pro Account will be displayed in the Organization’s Pro Account in the App or online at lowes.com/account. Organizations cannot combine Bonus Points with or transfer Bonus Points to other Pro Accounts. 
Points Offers or Points Offering: Milestones, Events, Promotional Activities, Etc. From time to time, Lowe’s, or others acting with our permission, may offer Organizations opportunities to earn Bonus Points for certain Offerings, such as inviting the Organization to engage in certain promotional activities; upon achieving certain Program milestones; redeeming Bonus Points; or other actions or opportunities as may be presented. Bonus Points for such Offerings will be awarded as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth within that offer. 
Redeeming Bonus Points for Reward Products or Rewards items. Organizations may have the opportunity to redeem Bonus Points for certain items (“Rewards items” or “Reward Products”). To redeem Bonus Points for Rewards items or Reward Products, you must access the Bonus Rewards Center section on the App or online at MVPs Pro Rewards Program to view Rewards items or Reward Products available for redemption, and then select to redeem an available Reward. Each Rewards items or Reward Products will indicate the amount of Bonus Points necessary for redemption. You must have enough Bonus Points available in your Lowe’s PRO Account (“Available Points”) for the Rewards items or Reward Products you wish to redeem. Bonus Points may only be redeemed for one Rewards Product per transaction and only by the Primary Admin of the Pro Account on behalf of the Organization. You may not redeem your Bonus Points for Rewards items or Reward Products in the same transaction in which the Bonus Points are accrued. Reward Products cannot be redeemed through any third-party platforms. All Rewards items or Reward Products are offers for a limited time, while supplies last, and provided on a first-come, first-served basis. Rewards items or Reward Products can only be redeemed for a limited time as set forth in the Rewards Center. Determinations regarding redemption of Bonus Points are subject to Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion. Lowe’s reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards items or Reward Products and limit the number of Rewards items or Reward Products available for redemption.
If your transaction for the redemption of Bonus Points for Rewards items or Reward Products within the Rewards Center is not completed in the same visit, the Rewards items or Reward Products will remain in your cart so long as the Reward Product is still available in the Rewards Center. 
Bonus Points will be subtracted from the Organization’s Lowe’s Pro Account immediately when a Rewards items or Reward Products is redeemed. Bonus Points will be restored to a PRO Account only in the event Lowe’s determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Rewards items or Reward Products requested are unavailable or cannot be delivered.  
Attempts to redeem Bonus Points multiple times or through multiple users constitutes fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your Lowe’s Pro Account. If you attempt to use Bonus Points more than once to redeem Rewards items or Reward Products, you may be terminated or suspended from the Bonus Points Program. 
Upon redemption of a Rewards items or Reward Products, Lowe’s will ship the Rewards items or Reward Products to the address in the Organization’s Pro Account or an address provided by the Organization, unless otherwise indicated at the time of redemption. Shipping and handling charges may apply to a redeemed Rewards items or Reward Products. Please review the details of the Rewards items or Reward Products to confirm whether any shipping and handling charges may apply.  
Cancellation of Rewards items or Reward Products Redemption; Damaged Rewards items or Rewards Products. Rewards Products cannot be returned and/or cancelled. Any attempt to cancel or return a Reward Product or Rewards item will not result in Bonus Points being added back to the Organization’s Pro Account. Rewards Products are limited in nature and Lowe’s cannot guarantee that we will be able to re-ship any Reward Products that you redeemed with your Bonus Points if the Reward Product arrives damaged.  
Return of Purchases Earning Bonus Points. If an Organization returns a purchased item, for which it has garnered Bonus Points, then Lowe’s reserves the right to deduct such Bonus Points from the Organization’s PRO Account. Please note that returning a purchased item may potentially result in a negative balance in your PRO Account.   
Expiration of Bonus Points; Inactive Accounts. An Organization will retain active status in the Program by participating in an Offering or redeeming Bonus Points within a Program Period (“Active”). An Organization will lose its Active status at the end of the Program Period if the Organization does not participate in a Points Offer or redeem Bonus Points within a Program Period (“Inactive”). 
All unredeemed Bonus Points will expire upon (i) becoming an Inactive participant in the Program, (ii) the cancellation or termination of your Lowe’s Pro Account as described below, or (iii) the termination of the Bonus Points Program.    
Whether a participant is Active or Inactive in the Program depends on whether the participant has participated in a Points Offer or redeemed Bonus Points during a Program Period as described in Table 2.3 below.  
A table showing Bonus Point activity by year and points expiration dates.
View Detailed Chart Description
Illustration:  
An Organization participates in a Points Offer and/or redeems its Bonus Points in 2022, 2023 and 2024. The Organization will be an Active participant in 2023 and 2024 and any unredeemed points will expire at the end of the Program Period of 2024.   
An Organization participates in a Points Offer and/or redeems its Bonus Points in 2022 and 2023. The Organization will be an Active participant in 2023 and 2024 and any unredeemed points will expire at the end of the Program Period of 2024.   
An Organization participates in a Points Offer and/or redeems its Bonus Points in 2022. The Organization will be an Active participant in 2023 and any unredeemed points will expire at the end of the Program Period of 2023.   
Once Bonus Points expire or are used to redeem a Reward Product or Rewards item, the Bonus Points will be removed from an Organization’s Lowe’s PRO Account. Bonus Points will not be added back to an Organization’s account if the Organization does not use its Bonus Points before it expires. Further, if an Organization is Inactive in the MVPs Bonus Rewards Program, Lowe’s reserves the right to cancel all the Organization’s Bonus Points. For any questions regarding the Bonus Points earned by the Organization or the Organization’s Lowe’s PRO Account status, please contact Lowe’s by calling Lowe’s Customer Care (1-844-569-4776, Option 5). 
Member Benefits. Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional rewards or benefits on particular transactions or special offers (“Member Benefits”). Member Benefits may be distributed via the Lowe’s App, online, or via email or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your PRO Account). Member Benefits may include periodic promotional offers on qualifying products and services, personalized offers and discounts, coupons, invitations to special events, or related benefits. You must have your Account set to receive notifications and/or have opted in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers in the Lowe’s App or via email. Member Benefits may be customized based on your Qualifying Purchases and preferences. Please note that Lowe’s may be unable to send these Member Benefits to you if you have elected not to receive email or other communications from Lowe’s; or if you have poor network connectivity. Member Benefits may have certain restrictions, including expiration dates and short, time-limited claiming or redemption periods. Member Benefits are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred, except as the Program may allow in certain limited instances. You may be required to present your PRO Account information at the participating Lowe’s in order to claim or redeem Member Benefits. Read each offer carefully for specific details, limitations and restrictions. 
Drink or Snack Coupons. Lowe’s will give an Organization the number of coupons for select items, set forth in Table 2.4 below, each month based on the Organization’s MVPs Level for the applicable month. The Organization will first receive the coupon(s), set forth in Table 2.4, in the month after obtaining the Silver MVPs Level (e.g., after qualifying purchase accrued spend reaches $2,500 in February, an Organization will receive one (1) coupon in March). Claiming of the drink or snack item coupon is only available in Lowe’s branded store locations by presenting the barcode available in the Pro Account via mobile app or web and having a Lowe’s cashier scan the coupon barcode at a register at the front of the store. Drink or snack coupons must be used in the month they are given; any unused drink or snack coupons at the end of the month will be forfeited. Customer must pay applicable sales tax. Additional drink or snack coupon terms and conditions apply; see drink or snack coupon for full details. 
Allocation of Rewards. Certain Rewards may be eligible to be allocated by the Primary Admin to other Users within the same Organization. Once a Reward has been allocated, the Reward may be nonrefundable and may not be forwarded, transferred or reassigned. The Reward must be used by the recipient within the time frame specified for that Reward, or it will expire.
A table showing M V Ps levels, qualifying purchase accrued spend and drink coupons.
View Detailed Chart Description
Sweepstakes. From time to time, Lowe’s may conduct certain sweepstakes for Organizations (“Sweepstakes”). All such Sweepstakes shall be governed by the official rules designated by Lowe’s for each Sweepstakes. Being a Program participant automatically enters your Organization into the Sweepstakes. Government health care and education Organizations, GPO Parent Organizations, and other ineligible Organizations are ineligible to participate in Sweepstakes. If your Organization does not want to participate in the Sweepstakes, you can opt out of participating in the Sweepstakes or reject the prize. Your participation in a Sweepstakes will constitute your acceptance of the applicable official rules on behalf of the Organization.
Volume Savings Program. Lowe’s Volume Savings Program (“VSP”) provides eligible Organizations with better-than-shelf pricing on select, in-stock items through a PRO Quote of $1,500 or more. VSP is only available on lowes.com to Organizations in the Silver MVP and above (e.g., Gold, Platinum) MVPs Levels. To receive VSP pricing online, you must be logged in to your Account on Lowes.com, save a PRO Quote, and proceed to checkout. Organizations will see the total VSP discount on the quote details and checkout screens online. No retroactive discounts will be given on purchases where you were not logged in to your Organization’s Account either to request a quote or prior to purchase. VSP pricing may not be combined with any other promotion or coupon and does not apply to prior purchases. See your local Pro Desk for in-store availability of VSP.
Expiration of Rewards; Inactive Accounts. Unclaimed Rewards expire upon the cancellation or termination of your Organization’s PRO Account as described below. If you have any questions regarding your PRO Account status, please contact Lowe’s by calling 1-844-LOW4PRO. Rewards expire in connection with the terms provided with that Reward.
Lowe’s reserves the right to cancel a User’s or Organization’s Account if the Account remains inactive for a period of two (2) years or more. Accordingly, if a User does not make a Qualifying Purchase within two (2) years after the User’s initial registration or the last recorded Qualifying Purchase, Lowe’s reserves the right to cancel the User’s Account. If there is only one User associated with the Organization’s Account, Lowe’s reserves the right to also cancel the Organization’s Account. You understand and agree that cancellation by Lowe’s of an Organization’s PRO Account will result in the cancellation of all Rewards, Member Benefits and any progress toward an MVPs Level associated with that Account, and the inability to earn, claim and/or redeem further Rewards and Member Benefits, regardless of MVPs Level.
Cancellation; Termination. An Organization may opt out of the MVPs Pro Rewards Program at any time, for any reason, by canceling the applicable PRO Account(s) by calling 1-844-LOW4PRO. If an Organization cancels its PRO Account, any unclaimed Rewards and/or progress toward an MVPs Level will automatically be canceled and will no longer be available to be claimed. If the Organization re-enrolls at any time, it will start at the introductory MVPs Level as applicable. Lowe’s reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion, any PRO Account or rescind any accrued spend or Rewards, if Lowe’s believes that the Account holder has abused Program privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these PRO Terms or applicable law, or otherwise acted in a manner harmful to Lowe’s interests. Attempts to claim single-use offers and verification codes for Rewards multiple times or through multiple users constitute fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your PRO Account. Lowe’s further reserves the right to refuse delivery of any orders, including those placed through a PRO Account, if Lowe’s believes that a User has violated or acted inconsistently with these PRO Terms or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to Lowe’s interests, or may be likely to do so based upon prior communications, conduct, interactions or similar factors.
Upon cancellation or termination for any reason, the canceled PRO Account shall immediately cease, and it may no longer receive Rewards. Lowe’s has no obligation to and shall not compensate the User or the Organization (as applicable) for any unclaimed Rewards or other benefits of the Program following cancellation. Because Lowe’s plans our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Lowe’s shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud or violation of its PRO Terms, and any decision it makes relating to termination, suspension or other disabling of the Program or a PRO Account (including but not limited to cancellation or suspension of Rewards) shall be final and binding. Should you object to any of these PRO Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Program, your sole remedy is to discontinue participation in the Program and properly cancel your Account in the manner provided above. These PRO Terms shall be governed by the laws of North Carolina, USA, without regard to conflict of laws, provisions or principles.
Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to update, change, modify, add, end, delete, suspend or terminate the MVPs Pro Rewards Program or any or all benefits under the Program or any policy pertaining to the Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to discontinue or change the MVPs Levels or change the expiration date or claiming or redemption value of Points or Rewards, merge the Program with another program, or adjust how Points or Rewards are received, calculated or claimed.
If Lowe’s elects to terminate or modify in a material way the Program or any benefits or policies of the Program, Lowe’s will provide a notice of the material modification or termination by posting the modifications or notice of termination to Lowes.com. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Any modifications will become effective immediately after such posting or other such notification. We encourage you to review these PRO Terms regularly for modifications. In the event of such termination, at Lowe’s election, Lowe’s may, in its sole discretion, allow you to claim any outstanding unclaimed and unexpired Rewards (if any) accrued through the date of such termination for ninety (90) days after such termination.
Taxes. You are solely liable and responsible for any applicable federal, state or local taxes arising out of your participation in the MVPs Pro Rewards Program. Please consult your tax adviser concerning any tax consequences that may arise from your participation.
Personalized Offers. Lowe’s may provide MVPs Pro Rewards Program Users with coupons or discounts based upon program engagement and/or membership type (“Personalized Offers”).
Customer Service.
For Program assistance, please contact 1-844-LOW4PRO.

Online Design Tools
Lowe’s may provide on this Site, or provide links from this Site, to certain microsites, webpages, applications or other digital tools that may be used to develop or design home improvement projects, including, without limitation, kitchen design tools, deck planner tools and cabinet design tools (each a “Design Tool”). Design Tools are for personal, noncommercial use only. Depending on the Design Tool, it may be operated by Lowe’s or its affiliates, or on behalf of Lowe’s or its affiliates by a third party. Design Tools operated by third parties may be subject to additional terms and conditions provided by that third party.

When you use a Design Tool, you acknowledge and agree that the Design Tool is for illustrative purposes only, and should not be deemed to constitute, or be used as, final plans, specifications, details or designs for your project. Before starting a project or purchasing any materials, you should independently verify the accuracy, suitability, completeness, safety and legal compliance of any plan developed using a Design Tool, and, where appropriate, consult with a Lowe’s associate or other qualified professional for additional perspective. Use of a Design Tool should only serve as a basis for seeking further professional advice.

WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THESE TERMS, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW LOWE’S HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS PERTAINING TO THE USE, ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, COMPLETENESS, SAFETY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE OF ALL, OR ANY PORTION, OF ANY DESIGN, PLAN, SPECIFICATIONS, DETAILS OR DESIGNS DEVELOPED THROUGH, IN PART OR IN WHOLE, THE USE OF A DESIGN TOOL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COLOR, MEASUREMENTS, DIMENSIONS, MATERIALS, WEIGHT, ENERGY SOURCE, ENERGY CONSUMPTION OR OTHERWISE. YOU AGREE THAT LOWE’S AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR LIABILITIES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO, YOUR USE OF A DESIGN TOOL OR ANY PROJECT IMPLEMENTED BASED ON THE USE OF A DESIGN TOOL.
--
Effective May 16, 2022

Usage Overview
This website (“Site”) is provided by Federal Warranty Service Corporation, United Service Protection, Inc., and Assurant Service Protection, Inc. (collectively “Our,” “We,” or “Us”). These terms of service (“Terms”) apply to Our Site, and any other services, including online services that post a link to these Terms, as well as any features, widgets, plug-ins, content, downloads, or other services that are offered by Us, or through such online service or application (collectively, the “Services”). Throughout these Terms the words “You” and “Your” refer to the user visiting the Site or utilizing Our Services, and these Terms set forth the legally binding terms for Your use of the Services. By accessing or using the Services in any manner, You signify Your agreement to: (i) these Terms, (ii) Our Privacy Notice , and (iii) any other legal notices, conditions, or guidelines located within the Services. These Terms will apply regardless of how You access or use the Services, whether it be via computer, tablet, mobile device, smart watch, console or otherwise (“Device”). If You do not agree to Our Terms or Our Privacy Notice , please exit now and do not use the Services. The Services are not intended for use by individuals under the age of 18.

You are solely responsible for ensuring that Your use of the Services is in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to You. The right to access the Services is revoked in those jurisdictions where these Terms or use of the Services are prohibited; or to the extent that the offer, sale or provision of the Services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation.

Important Disclaimers
The Services should not be used or relied on in any circumstances in which the failure or inaccuracy of the Services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage.

You acknowledge and agree that We have offered the Services, set its prices, and entered into these Terms in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth below. You further acknowledge and agree that (i) the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth in these Terms reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between You and Us, (ii) the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth in these Terms form an essential basis of the agreement between You and Us, and (iii) We would not be able to provide the Services to You on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations and disclaimers.

Scope of Services
To use the Services, You must have a Device with internet access that is compatible with the Services. Certain features of the Services may not be available to all customers or available on all Devices. We do not warrant that the Services will be compatible with Your Device.

Privacy Notice and Guidelines to Service
Please read Our Privacy Notice carefully for disclosures relating to the collection, use, and disclosure of Your personal information.

Modification to These Terms of Service
We may change these Terms at any time without notice, by updating this page. Such changes will be effective upon posting to this page. Please check these Terms periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of any changes to these Terms will mean You accept those changes. We reserve the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Services, including Your access to them. Unless explicitly stated, any new features will be subject these Terms.

Ownership and Proprietary Rights
The content, visual interfaces, information, graphics, photos, design, compilation, software (including, but not limited to, the Site), and all other elements of the Services (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected by United States copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international laws and conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights and applicable laws. All Materials are Our property, or the property of Our affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. Materials may be patented or patent pending in the United States and other jurisdictions. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names displayed through the Services are proprietary to Us, Our affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, display, perform, publish, create derivative works from, store, sublicense, translate, sell, rent, lease, loan, resell, or otherwise exploit the Materials in any way. You agree not to disclose, publicly perform, transmit, distribute or provide the Materials to any other party. Furthermore, You may not: modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Services and/or Materials, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law. The foregoing license grant under these Terms is not a sale of the Materials or any copy thereof and We and Our third-party licensors retain all right, title, and interest in the Materials. Any attempt by You to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, is void. We reserve all rights not expressly granted herein.

Third-Party Sites, Products, and Services
The Services may include links to other web sites, products, offers, or services solely as a convenience to users. We do not review or endorse any third-party sites, services, resources, or information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through other third-party sites, services or resources. Viewing a linked site, accessing and using the information, materials, products or utilizing outside services and resources is done entirely at Your own risk. Accordingly, We encourage You to be aware when You leave the Services or use a recommended resource or service and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each such third-party site, service or resource that You visit or use. Furthermore, We make no express or implied warranties of any kind with regard to any information, material, products, or services that are contained on or accessible through linked sites, nor shall We be liable for any loss or damage of any kind caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods, or services available on or through any such third-party site, resource or service.

Usage Rules and Prohibited Conduct
YOU UNDERSTAND AND HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU MAY NOT AND WARRANT THAT YOU WILL NOT AND YOU WILL NOT ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO:

use the Services or any location information displayed within the Services to stalk, harass, abuse, defame, threaten or defraud other users, or collect, attempt to collect, or store location or personal information about others;
use the Services if You are under the age of 18;
use the Services for any commercial or non-private use without Our written consent, it being understood that the Services are intended for personal, non-commercial use only;
use the Services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state or national law, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, data protection and privacy, and import or export control, sanctions, and human trafficking;
post, store, send, transmit, or disseminate any information or material which a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, libelous, offensive, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, distressing, vulgar, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise inappropriate, regardless of whether this material or its dissemination is unlawful;
post, store, send, transmit, upload or disseminate any information or material which infringes any patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, or any other proprietary or intellectual property rights;
use the Services in connection with hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance or any application in which the failure or inaccuracy of that application or the Services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage;
make unsolicited offers, advertisements, proposals, or send junk mail, to other users of the Services. This includes, but is not limited to, unsolicited advertising, promotional materials or other solicitation material, bulk mailing of commercial advertising, chain mail, informational announcements, charity requests, and petitions for signatures;
impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity, or access the Services accounts of other users;
share passwords or access to Your Device while the Services are running and/or accessible with any third party or encourage any other user to do so;
misrepresent the source, identity or content of information transmitted via the Services;
remove, circumvent, disable, damage, reverse engineer, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services, digital rights management technologies that are integrated in the Services, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Services, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Services;
intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the Services or any user's enjoyment of the Services, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, worms, or other malicious code;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, or any part of it, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services, or any part of it, through hacking, password mining or any other means or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on the Services;
use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Services for any purpose without Our express written permission or bypass Our robot exclusion headers or other measures We may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services or modify the Services in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Services, including without limitation for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Services; or
sell or transfer or allow another person to access Your account password, profile, or account.
Suspension, Violations, and Termination of Service
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor Your access and use of the Services. We reserve the right to disable, suspend or terminate Your access to the Services for any reason and without any notice, unless otherwise prohibited by law. You agree that We, in the good faith belief that You have violated these Terms, may terminate any account or subscription (or any part thereof) for the Services and remove and discard all or any part of Your account at any time. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Services or any portion thereof may be impacted without prior notice, and You agree that We will not be liable to You or any third-party for any such termination nor obligated to reimburse You for payments made to Us (if any) unless otherwise required by applicable law. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies We may have at law or in equity.

Indemnification and Disclaimer of Warranties
You agree to indemnify and hold Us, Our affiliates and licensors, and Our or their respective officers, agents, employees, and successors (“Covered Entities and Persons”) harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), demands, losses and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising from or in any way related to Your use of the Services, and/or the Materials, any violation of these Terms, or any other actions connected with Your use of the Services and/or Materials. We reserve the right, on notice to You, to assume exclusive defense and control of any claim or action, subject to indemnification by You, without relieving You of Your indemnification obligations hereunder. Upon learning of a claim by a third party that Your use violates or allegedly violates a third party’s rights, You agree to promptly notify Us of any such claim. You agree to cooperate with Us as reasonably required in the defense of any such claims, and You shall not in any event settle any such claim or matter without the written consent of Us. In the event of such claim, We will provide notice of the claim, suit or action to the contact information We have for the account, provided that any failure to deliver such notice to You shall not eliminate or reduce Your indemnification obligation hereunder.

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
(a) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
(b) WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR (iv) THAT THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
(c) ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES AND/OR MATERIALS IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER, SMART PRODUCT, OR OTHER DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
(d) NO ADVICE, RECOMMENDATION OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.

Documents, information, graphics and other Materials appearing on the Services may include technical inaccuracies, miscalculations, typographical errors, and out-of-date information. Use of such documents, information, graphics or other Materials is at Your own risk.

SEE BELOW FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION.

Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COVERED ENTITIES AND PERSONS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, UNDER ANY CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (i) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA, (ii) COVER, OR (iii) OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (1) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS; (2) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR THE LOSS, CORRUPTION OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, CONTENT OR DATA; (3) OUR ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS IN RELIANCE UPON YOUR INFORMATION AND ANY CHANGES THERETO OR NOTICES RECEIVED THEREFROM; (4) YOUR FAILURE TO PROTECT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY PASSWORDS OR ACCESS RIGHTS TO YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION; (5) THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT OR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS; (6) THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING OR INTEGRATING WITH SERVICES AND/OR MATERIALS; OR (7) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITE, SERVICES OR MATERIALS.


IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF THE COVERED ENTITIES AND PERSONS TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESSING THE SERVICE DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF YOUR CLAIM OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00 USD), WHICHEVER IS GREATER.


NOTHING IN THESE TERMS IS INTENDED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY, RIGHT OR LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THOSE LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION (IF ANY) WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

Dispute Resolution; Arbitration
ARBITRATION NOTICE: YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO BRING OR RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AS, OR PARTICIPATE IN, A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, COLLECTIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR ARBITRATION.

Read the following arbitration provision carefully. It limits certain rights, including Your right to obtain relief or damages through court action.

Arbitration of Disputes. You agree that all disputes between You and Us (whether or not such dispute involves a third party) with regard to these Terms or Your use of the Services will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration, except for disputes relating to the infringement of Your or Our intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, copyright and patents) or where We are seeking a preliminary injunction (“Excluded Disputes”). To begin Arbitration, either You or We must make a written demand to the other party for arbitration. The Arbitration will take place before a single arbitrator. It will be administered in keeping with the Consumer Arbitration Rules (“Consumer Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in effect when the claim is filed. You may get a copy of the AAA's Consumer Rules by contacting AAA at 1633 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019 or visiting www.adr.org. Unless You and We agree, the arbitration will take place in the county and state (or equivalent political subdivision) where You live. We will advance to You either all or part of the fees of the AAA and of the arbitrator. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq., will govern and no state, local or other arbitration law will apply. YOU AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT this arbitration provision means that You give up Your right to go to court on any claim covered by this provision. You also agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your claims. Claims by, or on behalf of, other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your claims. If any portion of this arbitration provision is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of the arbitration provision, except that in no event shall this arbitration provision be amended or construed to permit arbitration on behalf of a group or class. Instead, in the event any litigation arises between You and Us, any such lawsuit will be tried before a judge, and a jury will not be impaneled or struck. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrators will not have authority to award punitive or exemplary damages. This arbitration provision does not limit or abridge in any way the filing by a California resident of a civil action to enforce rights conferred by the Ralph Civil Rights Act, California Civil Code Section 51.7.

Confidential Arbitration. You and We agree that except as may be required by law, neither You nor We may disclose the existence, content, substance, documents, or information submitted thereunder, or any results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of other party.

Class Action Waiver
Neither You nor We shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims under or relating to these Terms, by or against other individuals or entities, or litigate or pursue any claim as a representative member of a class or in a private attorney general capacity. THIS MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO INITIATE OR PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION WHATSOEVER. A court may sever any portion of this dispute resolution provision if it finds such unenforceable.

Governing Law
THESE TERMS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW RULES OR PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

IF YOU ARE A CONSUMER, HOWEVER, THIS PROVISION SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS OF YOUR STATE OF RESIDENCE AS SET FORTH BELOW.

Exclusions and Limitations; Consumer Protection Notice
If You are a consumer, the provisions in these Terms are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of Your state of residence. Certain states, like New Jersey, have heightened consumer protection laws that may make certain terms of these Terms inapplicable to You. Specifically, if You are a New Jersey consumer, the terms of certain Sections that broadly reference applicable law, including, but not limited to those entitled Indemnification and Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability, Governing Law, Class Action Waiver, and Severability and Waiver do not limit or waive Your rights as a consumer under New Jersey law and the provisions in these Terms, as they pertain to You, are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the State of New Jersey. No provision of these Terms shall limit or waive Your rights as a consumer under the law of Your state of residence. In any event, We reserve all rights, defenses and permissible limitations under the law of Your state of residence.

Severability and Waiver
If in any cause of action brought forth by You, in any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, a court rules that any provision of these Terms are invalid, then that provision will be given no effect for the limited purpose of adjudicating the cause of action, without affecting the rest of these Terms. The remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.

Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of Our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that We will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with the Terms to be binding, We must provide You with written notice of such waiver through one of Our authorized representatives.

Entire Agreement
These Terms, together with (i) any additional terms which You agree when using particular elements of the Services, and, where applicable (ii) any separate written or electronic agreement between You and Us, constitute the entire agreement between You and Us with regard to the Services and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between You and Us with respect to the Services.

We shall not be liable for any failure to perform Our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Our reasonable control including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.

These Terms are personal to You, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by You except with Our prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or delegate any of Our rights and obligations hereunder without consent.

BY USING THIS SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.
Contact Information
Please contact 1-888-77-LOWES (56937) or lowes.resolution@assurant.com or Assurant, Attn: Lowe’s Resolution P.O. Box 100, Rapid City, SD 57709 with any questions or comments.