Terms of Service
Last Updated: March 19, 2024
Effective immediately for new users, effective May 3, 2024 for existing users.
These Terms of Service (the “Terms”) govern your use of any website, mobile or tablet application, digital in-restaurant kiosk, gift cards,Royal Perks Rewards, or other online service or platform of Restaurant Brands International, Inc., or any of its companies, including without limitation the FIREHOUSE SUBS®, BURGER KING®, TIM HORTONS®, and POPEYES® restaurant brands (collectively, “RBI”), that provides an authorized link to the Terms (collectively, the “Services”), regardless of who owns or operates the Services or the restaurant you ultimately visit, as well as our interactions with you on third party platforms.
1. BINDING AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THE TERMS CAREFULLY. It is a binding legal document that explains your rights and obligations. Section 13 includes an agreement that you and RBI will resolve any disputes between us in binding, individual arbitration, and not in court. This means you and RBI are giving up the right to go to court, to have a dispute decided by a jury, and to participate in class action lawsuits against each other. Arbitration often is a faster way to resolve disputes fairly than litigating in court. Your use of the Services means that you agree to be bound by the Terms. Do not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms.
TO ENTER INTO THE TERMS, YOU MUST BE AN ADULT OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR COUNTRY AND STATE OF RESIDENCE. The person accepting the Terms represents that he or she is an adult. If you are not an adult, you must have your parent or guardian accept the Terms.
Your use of the Services means that you agree to be bound by the Terms. Do not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms.
We may modify the Terms at any time. Your use of the Services after we post modifications to the Terms means that you accept the modified Terms. A person must be 13 years or older to use the Services.As the adult who accepts the Terms, you agree to be responsible for the use of the Services by your minor children, including any purchases made by them using the Services, whether or not you authorized or had advance knowledge of those purchases.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THESE TERMS CONTAIN DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES (SECTION 14), DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY AND AN EXCLUSIVE REMEDY (SECTION 15), PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY.
2. PRIVACY
By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have reviewed and understand our Privacy Policy, and consent to the practices described in that policy.
3. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
You may register for certain activities provided through the Services. When you register or provide any other information in connection with the Services, you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information and to promptly update this information to maintain its accuracy. You are responsible formaintaining the confidentiality of any password and username that you are given or select, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. RBI has the right to suspend or terminate any account or other registration if it suspects that such information is inaccurate or incomplete. You agree to immediately notify RBI of any unauthorized use of your password or username or any other breach of security.
4. PROHIBITED CONTENT AND ACTIVITIES
You may not use the Services to take any action that could harm us or anyone else, interfere with the Services, or use the Services in a manner that violates any law. For example, you may not:
Impersonate any person or entity, or misrepresent your credentials or any information you provide;
Engage in unauthorized spidering, scraping, or harvesting of content, or use any other unauthorized means to compile information;
Harvest or otherwise collect or store any information (including personal information) about other users, including e-mail addresses, without the express consent of such users;
Solicit, collect, transmit, store, or otherwise make available private information or personal information of any third party;
Use the Services to send commercial electronic messages or install a computer program on another person’s computer system;
Obtain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems, materials, information, or any services available on or through the Services;
Use any device, software, or program to interfere with the Services or attempt to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of, or breach the security of any system, device, or network;
Circumvent, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile, disassemble, decrypt, or otherwise interfere with any software that is a part of the Services, or use any tools for compromising security (e.g., password-guessing programs, cracking tools, or network probing tools);
Use another’s information, account, or password, except as expressly permitted;
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on our network or infrastructure;
Upload or otherwise transmit any communication, software, or material that contains a virus or is otherwise harmful to our or our users’ computers, devices, or systems;
For the purpose of misleading others, create a false identity of the sender or the origin of a message, forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any material transmitted through the Services; or
Engage in any other conduct that restricts any person from using the Services, or that, in our sole judgment, exposes us, users, or any other third party to any liability, damages, or detriment of any type.
5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All content, code, software, and any other materials that are part of the Services other than any content you may submit (collectively, the “RBI Content”) is the property of RBI. You may use the Services and print copies of RBI Content only for noncommercial, informational, personal use, without modification, and only so long as you comply with these Terms.
Copyright and Other Intellectual Property Rights. RBI Content is protected under the copyright laws of the United States, Canada, and other countries. You acknowledge that all copyrights and other intellectual property rights related to the Services are owned by RBI or its third-party licensors to the full extent permitted under the United States Copyright Act, international copyright laws, and all other applicable laws. Unless expressly permitted by an authorized person in writing or as permitted by applicable law, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, transmit, or in any way use or exploit any part of the RBI Content.
Trade and Service Marks. You acknowledge and agree that all RBI logos and marks as well as other proprietary materials depicted in connection with the Services and the RBI Content are the property of RBI and may not be used commercially without the prior written consent of RBI. Marks used in connection with BURGER KING® restaurants, including without limitation, BURGER KING, BK, WHOPPER, HOME OF THE WHOPPER, HAVE IT YOUR WAY, Crescent Logo, Hamburger Logo, Heritage Grilling Man, Value Platform, BURGER KING & Crescent Logo YOUR WAY, KING JR, KING DEALS, BIG KING, BACON KING, CROISSAN’WICH, WHOPPER, and WHOPPER JR., are owned by Burger King Company, LLC and may not be used without its written consent. 
Notice of Infringement. If you believe in good faith that content you own has been reproduced on the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our designated agent with the following information in writing: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; your name, address, telephone number, and email address, so that we may contact you if necessary; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
RBI’s designated agent for notice of claims of copyright is:
Restaurant Brands International US Services LLC
Attn: Legal (DMCA Copyright Infringement)
5707 Blue Lagoon Drive
Miami, Florida 33126
Email: copyrightdmca@whopper.com
Embedding Content. The Services may allow you to embed RBI Content into other web pages. All use of embedded RBI Content must be for non-commercial purposes only, and may be disabled by RBI at any time and for any reason.
6. SOCIAL MEDIA INTEGRATION
The Services may offer opportunities for you to transmit content via third-party social networking websites and products. Any use of third party social networking features is subject to the terms of use of the applicable third-party website or product and not these Terms, unless you are notified otherwise, in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.
7. USER SUBMISSIONS
Certain areas of the Services may enable you to publicly post comments, send emails, or otherwise submit information to us. You remain fully responsible for the content that you provide in connection with the Services, including information, audio recordings, videos, photographs, documents, or any other materials (“User Content”). In addition to complying with Section 4, you agree not to provide User Content that:
Infringes or violates the copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property right of any person or entity;
Is false, misleading, defamatory, obscene, abusive, hateful, threatening, harassing, or sexually explicit;
Violates any person or entity’s right to privacy or publicity;
Contains advertising or a solicitation of any kind;
Personally attacks or impersonates any person or entity, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents an affiliation with a person or entity;
Degrades others on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual preference, orientation or identity, disability, or other classification;
Transmits, stores, or otherwise makes available a virus, Trojan horse, worm, spyware, bot, or other harmful programming routine;
Makes available material of a commercial nature or sends, causes or permits to be sent commercial electronic messages, including but not limited to advertising, promotions, junk mail, spam, pyramid schemes, chain letters, or solicitations of any kind;
Violates any applicable law, or advocates illegal activity.
Subject to applicable law, we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content you provide us or others in connection with the Services constitutes a violation of the third party’s intellectual property rights, of the third party’s right to privacy, or of any other applicable local, provincial, state, national, or international law.
If the Services permit you to submit User Content, you may only provide User Content that is original and that you have the right to provide. By providing us User Content, you grant us a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully sub-licensable, transferable, license to publish, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, edit, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of, sell, offer for sale, export, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content in any way that we want and in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Content. You represent that you have obtained all necessary permissions from any person or entity identified in or implicated by your submission (including those shown in photographic or video content), and, in the case of minors, also from their parents or legal guardians, as appropriate.
No person under the age of 13 may provide any User Content to us. A person who is under the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, but at least 13 years of age, subject to any applicable sweepstakes, contest, or other supplemental terms, may provide User Content but only with the permission of, and under the supervision of, a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these Terms for the benefit of an individual between the ages of 13 and the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, please be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her User Content and any legal liability that he or she may incur.
8. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are not under the control of RBI. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by RBI of those other websites or online services, the content they display, or people associated with them. The Terms do not apply to such other websites and online services, and such websites and online services are not part of the Services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of these other websites or services.
We may incorporate third party services, software, technology, data, and/or other content, either independently or in connection with various programs, features, or functions available through the Services. Your use of third-party materials may be subject to terms of use other than these Terms and as may be set forth by third party providers, as applicable. You agree that RBI assumes no liability with respect to your use of such third-party materials, whether you are aware of their use or not and whether or not the use of such materials is recommended by RBI.
You may link to our Services provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest or imply any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none exists. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
9. GIFTCARDS
RBI may allow you to purchase a stored value card through the Services. Your purchase and use of a Giftcard is subject to the applicable Giftcard Terms & Conditions and is accepted at select participating restaurants.
10. MOBILE PAYMENT AND MOBILE ORDERING
You may be permitted to participate in certain functionalities of the Services which allow you to use a device to order and pay for certain products from any RBI brand restaurant at or prior to arrival at the participating restaurant location (“Mobile Ordering”) in the same manner as is possible with a Digital Giftcard (“Mobile Payment”). Mobile Payment is subject to the applicable Giftcard Terms & Conditions, as listed above, and is accepted at select participating restaurants. RBI reserves the right at any time to discontinue Mobile Ordering or Mobile Payment, or to change the location of restaurants or markets offering or participating in Mobile Ordering or accepting Mobile Payment at any time.
11.TERMINATION
In our sole discretion, we may restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to and use of the Services, with or without prior notice. RBI is not responsible for any error in copy or images relating to the Services or any other products offered via the Services. Errors will be corrected when discovered and RBI reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any error, inaccuracy, or omission (including after an order has been submitted).
Otherwise applicable sections of these Terms shall survive termination. RBI also reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the Services, including any of the RBI Content.
12. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida, without giving effect to their principles of conflicts of law. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, by using the Services, you waive any claims that may arise under the laws of other states, provinces, countries, territories, or jurisdictions.
13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION,ARBITRATION, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
Most issues can be resolved quickly and amicably by contacting the Burger King customer support at https://www.bk.com/support. We encourage you to contact customer support before following the procedures specified in this Section 13.
For purposes of this Section 13 (Dispute Resolution, Arbitration, and Class Action Waiver), the term “RBI” or “we” shall include RBI and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns. Except where prohibited by applicable law, which may include the Province of Quebec (to the extent applicable), the following terms apply to all legal disputes between you and RBI.
You and RBI agree to arbitrate all “Disputes” between us. “Dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy (excluding those exceptions listed below), whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, that either of us seeks legal recourse for, including the validity, enforceability, applicability, scope, or meaning of this agreement to arbitrate or any portion of it, and including claims that arose before this or any prior agreement or that arise after the termination of the Terms. The term Dispute will be given the broadest possible meaning permitted by law. In Disputes involving minors, where the minors’ parent(s) or guardian(s) have accepted these Terms of Service, claims asserted by the minor(s) and by the minors’ or minors’ parent(s) or guardian(s) are subject to this agreement to arbitrate. 
Only the following Disputes are exempt from the arbitration requirement: (1) complaints you wish to make to a government agency; (2) small claims court actions (as discussed below); (3) claims related to intellectual property infringement; (4) claims related to the enforceability of the requirement that arbitrations must be conducted on an individual basis only; (5) disagreements over the satisfaction of the Informal Resolution requirement described below as a prerequisite to arbitrating; and (6) actions to compel arbitration or to uphold or enforce any prior arbitration decision. Further, you or RBI may seek an injunction in court on an individual (non-class) basis to preserve the status quo between us for the entire period until we resolve the Dispute in arbitration.
A. Informal Resolution
If you have a Dispute against us, or if we have a Dispute against you, you and we will make a good-faith effort to negotiate the resolution of any Dispute for at least 30 days (“Informal Resolution”) from the day you or we receive a written notice of a dispute from the other party (a “Notice of Dispute”) in accordance with these Terms.
You must send any Notice of Dispute—and any other correspondence required by this agreement—to the following address for RBI: Restaurant Brands International US Services LLC, Attn: Legal, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126.
We will send any Notice of Dispute to the email address and/or any physical address you have provided us.
The Notice of Dispute sent by either party must include the sender’s name, address, and other contact information, a description of the Dispute (including any relevant account names), and what resolution to the Dispute is being sought.
The Notice requirement is designed to allow us (or you, in the case of a dispute we assert against you) to make a fair, fact-based offer of settlement if we or you choose to do so. You and we cannot proceed to arbitration unless this information has been provided. If you or we proceed to arbitration without providing a compliant Notice of Dispute, the sufficiency of a Notice of Dispute is an issue to be decided by a court. A court may enjoin the filing of an arbitration demand that has not been preceded by a compliant Notice of Dispute and may order a party that has filed an arbitration demand without having provided a compliant Notice to reimburse the other party for any arbitration fees and costs already incurred.
We hope you’ll try Informal Resolution first, and you must do so before commencing an arbitration, but you don’t have to before going to small-claims court.
B. Small Claims Court
You and we agree that disputes that qualify for small-claims court in either the county where you live or the United States may be brought as individual actions only in such small-claims courts. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND RBI AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. Any Dispute brought in small claims court must remain in such court and may not be removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction and may advance only on an individual (non-class, non-representative basis).
C. Binding Individual Arbitration
You and we agree that Disputes notresolved through Informal Resolution will be settled by binding individual arbitration conducted by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”), https://namadr.com, according to the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal arbitration law and according to NAM’s Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures in effect at the time the Dispute arises (the “NAM Rules”), as modified bythese Terms, unless you reside in a country where NAM is not available to arbitrate the Dispute, in which case the arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), https://www.adr.org. For disputes that must be arbitrated by AAA, the then-current version of the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules will apply. This agreement to arbitrate affects interstate commerce, and the enforceability of this agreement will be substantively and procedurally governed by the FAA, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq., to the extent permitted by law.
THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS IN THIS SECTION WILL BE CONDUCTED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY. Under no circumstances do we consent to have any Disputes arbitrated using class action procedures, even if the arbitration provider has rules permitting class arbitrations.
“Arbitration” means that Disputes between us will be resolved by a neutral arbitrator instead of in a court by a judge or jury.
“Individual” means that the arbitrator may award the same remedies to you or to us as a court could, but only to satisfy your or our individual claims. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the arbitrator may not award money or other relief for the benefit of any person other than you or us as part of the resolution of any Dispute.
“Binding” means that both you and we will have to live with the arbitrator’s decision, except to the limited extent appeals to a court are permitted under the FAA. As limited by the FAA, these Terms, and the rules applicable to the arbitration, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any Dispute and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to determine the question of arbitrability. The arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim, or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of these Terms, but (as provided above) only to the extent necessary to provide relief to a party in arbitration warranted by the individual claim before the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having jurisdiction.
1. Arbitration Procedure and Location
You or we may initiate arbitration of any Disputes not resolved by Informal Resolution by filing a Demand for Arbitration with NAM in accordance with the NAM Rules (or with AAA in accordance with the AAA Rules if you reside in a location where NAM is not available to arbitrate the dispute). Instructions for filing a Demand for Arbitration with NAM are available on the NAM website or by calling NAM at 800-358-2550. Instructions for filing a Demand for Arbitration with AAA are available on the AAA website or by calling AAA at 800-778-7879. You will send a copy of any Demand for Arbitration to RBI at the address specified above. We will send any Demand for Arbitration to the email address and to any physical address you have provided us.
The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator. You and we both agree that the arbitration will be conducted in the English language and that the arbitrator will be bound by these Terms.
For Disputes in which the claimant seeks less than $10,000, the arbitrator will decide the matter solely on the basis of written submissions, without a formal hearing, unless the arbitrator decides that a formal hearing is necessary. For matters in which the claimant seeks $10,000 or more, or smaller matters in which the arbitrator determines a hearing to be necessary, hearings shall be conducted by video or telephone, unless the arbitrator determines an in-person hearing to be necessary. If an in-person hearing is required, and you reside in the United States, the hearing will take place in Miami-Dade County, Florida, unless the arbitrator determines that this would pose a hardship for the claimant, in which case the in-person hearing may be conducted in the claimant’s state and county of residence. If you reside outside the United States, the site of any in-person hearing will be determined by the applicable Rules.
The arbitrator (not a judge or jury) will resolve the Dispute. Unless you and we agree otherwise, any decision or award will include a written statement stating the decision of each claim and the basis for the award, including the arbitrator’s essential factual and legal findings and conclusions.
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the arbitrator may only award legal or equitable remedies that are Individual to you or us to satisfy one of our Individual claims (that the arbitrator determines are supported by credible relevant evidence).
An arbitration award, and any judgment confirming it, apply only to that specific case; it cannot be used or offered as precedent in any other case except to enforce the award itself.
Any decision or award may be enforced as a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction or, if applicable, application may be made to such court for judicial confirmation of any award and an order of enforcement.
2. Notice and Filing
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you or we must start arbitration of a Dispute within two (2) years from when the Dispute first arose. If applicable law requires you or us to bring a claim for a Dispute sooner than two years after the Dispute first arose, that shorter deadline applies instead. The failure to begin arbitration regarding a Dispute within the time frames described above in this section shall bar the Dispute, which means that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and we will not have the right to assert the Dispute.
3. Consumer Arbitration Fees
The terms of this section only apply to you if you are a Consumer, and only to disputes that are not Coordinated Cases.
If you start an arbitration against us, you will pay the filing fee required for consumer arbitrations. In some situations, we will help you with the fees related to an arbitration you initiate against us to (hopefully) get us to a resolution quickly and fairly:
• If the Dispute involves a claim of damages of USD $5,000 or less, including any attorneys’ fees and all other relief you are seeking, we will pay all of the arbitration costs, including the fees you otherwise would have been required to pay.• Even if the Dispute involves a claim of damages of more than USD $5,000, we may still help you with your fees: if you demonstrate that arbitration costs will be prohibitive compared to litigation costs, we will pay as much of your arbitration costs as the arbitrator finds is necessary to prevent arbitration from being cost-prohibitive (as compared to the cost of litigation)• For purposes of calculating damages under this paragraph and determining our obligation to pay the claimants’ share of fees, the amounts sought in claims brought by multiple claimants represented by the same or coordinated counsel will be aggregated.
If we start an arbitration against you, we will pay all filing fees.
Arbitration costs do not include your attorneys’ fees and expenses if you choose to be represented by an attorney. If you choose to be represented by an attorney, you will pay your own attorneys’ fees and costs unless the applicable law provides otherwise.
4. Special Procedures for Coordinated Filings
If 25 or more Disputes are initiated with the arbitrator that raise similar claims, and counsel for the claimants are the same or coordinated, these will be considered “Coordinated Cases” and the arbitration provider will treat them as such, including with respect to its fee schedule for mass arbitration filings. We will pay only our share of arbitration fees for Coordinated Cases; the claimants will be responsible for their share of those fees. Applicable statutes of limitations will be tolled for all claimants once they have provided compliant Notices of Dispute to us, but demands for arbitration in Coordinated Cases shall only be filed with the arbitration provider as permitted by the bellwether process set forth below.
Once all Notices of Dispute have been provided to us for Coordinated Cases, counsel for claimants and counsel for us shall confer in good faith regarding the number of cases that should proceed as bellwethers, to allow each side to test the merits of its arguments, before the remainder of claims may be filed with the arbitration provider. Any number chosen must be an even number so as to allow each side to designate half of the cases selected for bellwether trials. If counsel for claimants and for us do not agree on the number of bellwethers, the number shall be chosen by the arbitration provider as an administrative matter (or, in the arbitration provider’s discretion, by a process arbitrator). Factors that the arbitration provider may consider in making this decision include the complexity of the dispute and differences in facts or applicable laws among various claims. Once the number of bellwethers is fixed, by agreement or by the arbitration provider, each side shall each select half that number from among the claimants who have provided compliant Notices of Dispute, and only those chosen claims may be filed with the arbitration provider. You agree that if your case is among Coordinated Cases filed against us, resolution of your personal claim might be delayed by this bellwether process. Failure by a party or the arbitration provider to comply with this bellwether process, such as by filing or allowing the filing of arbitration demands for Coordinated Cases other than those selected to proceed as bellwethers, is an issue to be decided by a court, which may enjoin actions inconsistent with the bellwether process.
A single arbitrator shall preside over each Coordinated Case chosen for a bellwether proceeding, and only one Coordinated Case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the parties agree otherwise.
Once all bellwether trials have concluded (or sooner if the counsel for the claimants and us agree), the parties must engage in a single mediation of all remaining cases, with each side paying half the applicable mediation fee. Counsel for claimants and for us must agree on a mediator within 30 days after the conclusion of the last bellwether trial. If counsel for claimants and for us cannot agree on a mediator within 30 days, the arbitration provider will appoint a mediator as an administrative matter. Counsel for the claimants and for us will cooperate for the purpose of ensuring that the mediation is scheduled as quickly as practicable after the mediator is appointed. 
If the mediation does not yield a global resolution, this arbitration requirement shall no longer apply to claimants in Coordinated Cases who provided compliant Notices of Dispute but whose claims were not resolved in bellwether proceedings. Their cases may be filed only in the state courts in Miami-Dade County, Florida, or if federal jurisdiction exists, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, and you consent as part of these Terms to venue such cases exclusively in these courts. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as prohibiting either you or us from removing a case from state to federal court if removal is allowed under applicable law. To the extent you are asserting the same claims as other persons and are represented by common or coordinated counsel, you agree to waive any objection that the joinder of all such persons is impracticable. If a formerly arbitrable Dispute is brought in court, claimants may seek class treatment, but to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the classes sought may comprise only the claimants in the Coordinated Cases who provided compliant Notices of Dispute, and we reserve the right to contest class certification at any stage of the litigation and on any available basis.
A court shall have authority to enforce this bellwether process and may enjoin the filing of lawsuits or arbitration demands not made in compliance with it.
D. Continuation In Effect
The dispute resolution process set forth in this agreement survives the termination of any other agreement between you and us.
E. Future Terms Changes
Although we may revise these dispute resolution terms in our discretion, we do not have the right to alter this agreement or the arbitration rules specified herein with respect to any Dispute once that Dispute arises, if such change would make arbitration procedures materially less favorable to the claimant. Whether changed procedures are less favorable to the claimant is an issue to be decided by the arbitrator, and if multiple claimants are proceeding in Coordinated Cases, the applicability of revised terms to the Coordinated Cases will be decided by the arbitration provider as a process matter.
F. Class Action Waiver
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, for any case not subject to the requirement to arbitrate (except to the limited extent discussed above for Coordinated Cases), you and we will only bring disputes, claims, or controversies between us in an individual capacity and shall not:
• seek to bring, join, or participate in any class or representative action, collective or class-wide arbitration, or any other action where another individual or entity acts in a representative capacity (like private attorney general actions); or• consolidate or combine individual proceedings or permit another to do so without the express consent of all parties to these Terms.
G. Severability
If all or any provision of this Section 13 is found invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, then you and we agree that the provision will be severed, and the rest of these terms shall remain in effect and be construed as if any severed provision had not been included. The sole exception is that if the prohibition on class arbitrations is found invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, you and we agree that this entire agreement to arbitrate will be void and unenforceable and any dispute will be resolved in court subject to the venue and choice of law clauses specified herein.
H. Your 30-Day Right to Opt Out
You have the right to opt out of and not to be bound by the Binding Individual Arbitration provisions set forth in these Terms. To exercise this right, you must send written notice of your decision to the address for RBI specified above. Your notice must include your name, mailing address, and email address associated with your account with us, and state that you do not wish to be bound by the Binding Individual Arbitration provisions set forth in these Terms. TO BE EFFECTIVE, THIS NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED OR DEPOSITED WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ACCEPTED THESE TERMS UNLESS A LONGER PERIOD IS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW; OTHERWISE YOU WILL BE BOUND TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION. You are responsible for ensuring that we receive your opt-out notice, so you may wish to send it by a means that provides for a delivery receipt. If you opt out of these provisions, we will not be bound by them with respect to disputes with you.
14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ABOUT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, GOODS, OR SERVICES APPEARING OR OFFERED ON THE SERVICES OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY WEBSITES OR SERVICES LINKED FROM THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS,” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, STATUTORY, OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (I) THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NO LIENS, AND NO ENCUMBRANCES; (II) THE WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, MISAPPROPRIATION, OR VIOLATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON OR ENTITY; (III) WARRANTIES ARISING THROUGH COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE; AND (IV) THE WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF DATA OR CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE BY RBI. FURTHER, THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN ANY DOCUMENTATION. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, STATUTORY, OR IMPLIED, THAT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONTENT, FUNCTIONS, OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES, WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, ERROR-FREE, COMPLETE, UP-TO-DATE, FREE OF VIRUSES, OR UNINTERRUPTED. RBI EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, AND LIABILITIES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USER CONTENT OR RBI CONTENT. NO INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE BY OR ON BEHALF OF RBI SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION.
IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
15. EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW:
NONE OF RBI, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN OPERATING, CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OR YOUR ACCESS, USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY RBI CONTENT OR USER CONTENT, OR ANY SITES LINKED FROM THE SERVICES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF RBI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE, OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR DEVICE, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY CONTENT ON IT OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEN RBI’S LIABILITY FOR SUCH DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. ANY CLAIM AGAINST US SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID, IF ANY, FOR USE OF THE SERVICES.
16. INDEMNIFICATION
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend RBI, its affiliates and licensors, any party involved in operating, creating, producing, or delivering the Services, and each of their respective officers, owners, directors, shareholders, contractors, agents, employees, general and limited partners, successors, and assigns from and against any and all demands, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, interest, penalties, losses, costs, expenses, and harms, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees and fees of other professional advisers, arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of the Services, (ii) your online conduct in connection with the Services, (iii) your (or anyone acting under your password or username) violation or breach of these Terms, (iv) your failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations in connection with the Services, (v) your negligence, willful misconduct, or violations of the intellectual property or other rights of any person in connection with the Services, or (vi) any of your dealings or transactions with other persons, persons or third party platforms resulting from use of the Services. You shall not settle any such claim without the prior written consent of RBI. These obligations will survive any termination of these Terms.
17. INTEGRATION, SEVERABILITY AND WAIVER
These Terms and all other legal notices, statements or terms and conditions posted or made available to you on the Services constitute the entire agreement between RBI and you. In the event any provision of these Terms is held unenforceable, it will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions and will be replaced by an enforceable provision that comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision. Our failure to enforce any provisions of the Terms or respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way waive our right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of the Terms or to act with respect to similar breaches.
18. NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Services are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
19. CONTACT INFORMATION
Please direct any questions, complaints, or comments related to the Services to privacy@rbi.com.
20. OPT-OUT INSTRUCTIONS
If you no longer wish to participate in the Royal Perks Program, click HERE to request deletion of your account and data. You may also submit your request to RBI’s Privacy Officer at privacy@rbi.com, or you may contact us at 1-866-394-2493. Currently, opting out of the Royal Perks Program will require deletion of your account. Please note that an account is required to place a mobile order.

--
Offer Terms
Things Bizarre Bundle for 2
Creepy & Kooky Meal
Walmart+ 25% Off Any Digital Purchase Every Day
Walmart+ Free Whopper® every 3 months with a digital purchase
40% Off a 1-Year Walmart+ annual membership
Free 4 pc. Fiery Mozzarella Fries with $1+ Purchase
Free Fiery Bacon Royal Crispy Chicken with $5+ Purchase
Free Fiery Bacon Whopper with $5+ Purchase
$1.49 Large Hash Browns
$5 You Way Meal
Whopper Jr. Duo for $5
Whopper Wednesday
Marlins Win Free Whopper Jr.
Free Any Size Fries with Purchase of $1 or More
Delivery on the BK App and bk.com
Royal Perks Terms
My BK Experience Offer
Million Dollar Whopper® Contest Official Rules
Things Bizarre Bundle for 2
Wednesday's Whopper purple bun not guaranteed - available while supplies last. Thing's Bizarre Bundle for 2 includes two Wednesday's Whopper, two small Thing’s Rings, and two Morticia’s Kooky Chocolate Shake. Available from 10/18/2024 to 11/10/2024 or until supplies last at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, only on the BK® App and bk.com. Price and participation vary. Royal Perks account required. Must activate Offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Limit one per Account per week. Not available during breakfast hours. Upsizes and modifications at extra cost. Tax extra. No substitutions. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Subject to restaurant and/or delivery availability. Fees and higher prices apply for BK® delivery. See bk.com/delivery-terms for details. Excludes third party delivery. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to modify or terminate this Offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Creepy & Kooky Meal
Wednesday's Whopper purple bun not guaranteed - available while supplies last. Creepy & Kooky Meal includes one Wednesday's Whopper, one Morticia’s Kooky Chocolate Shake, and one small Thing’s Rings. Available from 10/18/2024 to 11/10/2024 or until supplies last at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, only on the BK® App and bk.com. Price and participation vary. Royal Perks account required. Must activate Offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Limit one per Account per week. Not available during breakfast hours. Upsizes and modifications at extra cost. Tax extra. No substitutions. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Not valid on delivery orders. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to modify or terminate this Offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Walmart+ 25% Off Any Digital Purchase Every Day
25% off your order total (before applicable taxes and fees) at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants on the BK® App and bk.com for order ahead or delivery. Royal Perks Account registration and Walmart+ subscription required. Must activate offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Prices higher on delivery. Delivery terms and fees apply. See bk.com/delivery-terms for details. Excludes third party delivery. Limit of one offer per day per account. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid with Mix & Match, Mix & Match Meals, Your Way Meal, or other discounts. Not valid within one hour of redeeming another BK/Walmart+ membership offer. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. No cash value or substitutions. Royal Perks terms apply, see bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® and Walmart reserve the right to modify the terms of this offer at any time without notice and in their sole discretion. Walmart+ Terms Apply.
Walmart+ Free Whopper® every 3 months with a digital purchase
Free Whopper® sandwich with any purchase once per calendar quarter only at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, on the BK® App and bk.com for order ahead, dine-in with the 6-digit "My Code" (where available) in your BK App, or BK delivery. Royal Perks Account registration and Walmart+ Subscription required. Must activate offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Prices higher on delivery. Delivery terms and fees apply. See bk.com/delivery-terms for details. Excludes third party delivery. Upsizes and modifications at extra cost. Tax extra. No substitutions. Limit of one offer per calendar quarter per account. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid with Mix & Match, Mix & Match Meals, Your Way Meal, or other discounts. Not valid within one hour of redeeming another BK/Walmart+ membership offer. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Condiments cannot count for the purchase requirement. No cash value or substitutions. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® and Walmart reserve the right to modify the terms of this offer at any time without notice and in their sole discretion. Walmart+ Terms Apply.
Free Fiery Bacon Royal Crispy Chicken with $5+ Purchase
Free Fiery Bacon RCCS with $5+ Purchase is available August 14, 2024 through October 6, 2024 (or until redemption count limit is reached) at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, only on the BK® App and bk.com for order ahead or dine-in with the 6-digit “My Code” (where available) located in your Account. Price and participation vary. Royal Perks account required. Must add promo code and activate Offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order.. Not available during breakfast hours. Tax extra. One offer per Account. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Not valid on delivery orders. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to modify or terminate this Offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Free Fiery Bacon Whopper with $5+ Purchase
Free Fiery Bacon Whopper with $5+ Purchase is available August 17, 2024 through October 6, 2024 (or until redemption count limit is reached) at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, only on the BK® App and bk.com for order ahead or dine-in with the 6-digit “My Code” (where available) located in your Account. Price and participation vary. Royal Perks account required. Must add promo code and activate Offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Not available during breakfast hours. Tax extra. One offer per Account. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Not valid on delivery orders. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to modify or terminate this Offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
$1.49 Large Hash Browns
$1.49 Large Hash Browns (the Offer) is valid for a limited time only at participating Burger King® restaurants on the BK® App and http://bk.com for order ahead or dine-in with the 6-digit “My Code” (where available) located in your Account. Offer valid only during regular breakfast hours. Royal Perks Account required. Must add coupon in the BK® App “Offers” tab and activate before placing order. One offer per account. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. No substitutions. Tax extra. Royal Perks terms apply: http://bk.com/rewards-terms.
$5 Your Way Meal
Price & participation vary. US only. Includes choice of Whopper® Jr., Bacon Cheeseburger, or Chicken Jr., plus value fries, 4 pc. chicken nuggets, and a value soft drink. Not valid in AK, HI & US Territories. No substitutions. Must ask for offer in restaurant, otherwise a la carte pricing applies. Offer not valid on delivery orders. Upsizes, modifications & tax extra. Burger King® reserves the right to amend or terminate this Offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Whopper Jr. Duo for $5
Limited time only at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants. Price & participation vary. Choose from two featured products. Single item at regular menu price. No substitutions. Upsizes and modifications at extra cost. Tax extra. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Prices may be higher for delivery. Fees apply. See bk.com/delivery-terms for details.
Whopper Wednesday
Limited time only at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, only on the BK® App and bk.com for order ahead or dine-in with the 6-digit “My Code” (where available) located in your Account. Price and participation vary. Royal Perks Account required. Must activate offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Upsizes and modifications at extra cost. Tax extra. No substitutions. One per Account. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Not valid on delivery orders. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to amend or terminate this offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Marlins Win Free Whopper Jr
Free Whopper® Jr. “Marlins Win” Trigger Offer (the “Offer”) is available the day after the Miami Marlins win a home game, from 10:30 a.m. until restaurant closing or 11:59 p.m. (whichever comes first), only at participating Miami-Dade and Broward County FL restaurants. No purchase required. Royal Perks account (“Account”) required. Offer is redeemable only on the BK® App and bk.com, for order ahead, dine-in with the 6-digit “My Code” (where available) located in your Account. Must activate Offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Modifications and tax extra. No substitutions. One Offer per Account per applicable winning home game. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid on delivery orders. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to amend or terminate this offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Free Any Size Fries with Purchase of $1 or More
1 order of free fries with $1+ purchase, any size, once per week (the “Offer”) is available for a limited time only at participating U.S. Burger King® restaurants, on the BK® App and bk.com for order ahead or dine-in with the 6-digit “My Code” (where available) located in your Account. Price and participation vary. Royal Perks account required. Must activate Offer in the “Offers” tab on the BK® App or bk.com before placing order. Tax extra. No substitutions. Limit of one Offer per Account, per week. Not valid with any other coupons or offers. Not valid in AK, HI & U.S. territories. Not valid on delivery orders. Not valid with Mix & Match, Mix & Match Meals, and Your Way Meals. Royal Perks terms apply: bk.com/rewards-terms. Burger King® reserves the right to modify or terminate this Offer at any time without notice and in its sole discretion.
Delivery on the BK App and bk.com
Delivery offered at participating U.S. restaurants on the BK App and bk.com. Minimum $5 order required (before taxes and fees). Prices may be higher than at restaurants. BK account registration is required. Delivery powered by third-party delivery providers, and subject to availability and restaurant delivery hours. Delivery not available in Alaska and Hawaii. Print coupons are not valid on delivery orders. Not all digital offers are available on delivery. Check digital offer terms at bk.com/offers before ordering.
Delivery Order Fees for Orders $5 - $9.99: $1 delivery fee plus 15% service fee (excl. taxes and fees) and a $2.50 small cart fee. California Orders Only: Additional $2 geographical fee is charged by the delivery aggregator.
Delivery Order Fees for Orders $10+: $1 delivery fee plus 15% service fee (excl. taxes and fees). California Orders Only: Additional $2 geographical fee is charged by the delivery aggregator.
Royal Perks Terms
Program available at participating U.S. restaurants. Account registration required. Earn 10 Crowns for every $1 spent on eligible transactions at a participating restaurant (after discounts, before applicable taxes and fees). Redeem Crowns for eligible menu items. Not available in U.S. Territories. See full terms and details at bk.com/rewards-terms.
My BK Experience Offer
Visit mybkexperience.com and complete survey within 48 hours of purchase to get a Free Whopper, Original Chicken Sandwich or Croissan’wich with purchase of S/M/L drink and fries (coffee and Hash Browns for Croissan’wich). At participating U.S. restaurants only. Validated receipt good for one month from date of purchase. Validated receipt required. Cannot be combined with any other offer or discount. Not valid on delivery or digital orders. One survey per guest per month.
Million Dollar Whopper® Contest Official Rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
The Burger King® brand (“BK” or “Burger King”) is looking for the next Whopper® sandwich idea to become America’s favorite burger and will offer a $1,000,000 prize to one entrant. To participate, "Entrants” (defined in Section 1 below) must sign up for BK® Royal Perks and may submit up to three (3) “Contest Entries” with their suggestions for a Whopper® sandwichthat includes between 3-8 "Toppings” (the “Whopper Idea”). Burger King will assess the Whopper Ideas based on feasibility, popularity, and innovation, and select three Whopper Ideas, each with a distinctive build, as Million Dollar Whopper Contenders (“MDW Contender”). Burger King expects that many Entrants will submit Contest Entries that match the three selected MDW Contenders, and if so, it will select a "Finalist” to represent each one of the selected MDW Contenders by conducting random drawings from all of the matching Contest Entries. Finalists will collaborate with Burger King to create a restaurant-ready version of their MDW Contenders, to be offered in participating U.S. restaurants sometime in November 2024 as a Limited Time Offer (“LTO”). While the LTOs are available for purchase, members of the public will be able to vote for their favorite version online. The Finalist who represents the MDW Contender that receives the most votes will receive the $1,000,000 prize. The Finalists’ LTO Whopper sandwiches finishing in second and third place in the public voting will also receive a cash prize.
1. Eligibility: The Million Dollar Whopper® Contest (the “Contest”) is open only to Entrants who are legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are at least the age of majority (at least eighteen (18) years old in most states and at least nineteen (19) years old in Alabama and Nebraska) and have enrolled in BK® Royal Perks at the time of entry.
Employees of Burger King Company, LLC, its franchisees, marketing and advertising agencies, social media influencers, vendors, suppliers, Merkle Inc., Media.Monks, and any of their respective parent and affiliate companies (herein “Released Parties”), as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children) and household members of each such employee are not eligible. In addition, all persons engaged by Sponsor, its agencies, agents, vendors or affiliates to advertise or promote the Contest, or who chose to do so in response to a solicitation by Burger Kingor any other Released party, via social media platforms or any other means, are also not eligible. The Contest is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited.
2. Sponsor: Burger King Company LLC, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, FL 33126. Prize Administrator: Merkle Inc., 3000 Town Center, Floor 21, Southfield, MI 48075.
3. Agreement to Official Rules: Participation in this Contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules. Sponsor’s decisions are final and binding in all matters related to this Contest. Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements, including consent to a confidential background check to confirm each potential winner’s eligibility and compliance with these Official Rules. Due to the nature of the prizes offered, if a background check reveals that any potential winner has engaged in conduct that could damage the reputation of or reflect unfavorably on the Burger King brand or any of the Released Parties, as determined by Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion, the potential winner may be disqualified.
4. Timing of Contest: The Contest begins on February 5, 2024 at approximately 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time ("ET") and includes a Contest Submission Period and a Public Voting Period, as set forth below:
• Contest Submission Period: Entrants may submit up to three (3) Contest Entries from February 5, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. ET through March 17, 2024 at 11:59 p.m. ET.• Judging Of Contest Entries & Selection Of 3 MDW Contenders: From March 18, 2024 through mid-April 2024, Sponsor will judge Contest Entries to select three MDW Contenders, and if necessary, will conduct a random drawing to select the Finalist to represent the selected MDW Contender. In May 2024 (dates determined by Sponsor), Finalists will be invited to Burger King headquarters to help finalize a restaurant-ready version of their MDW Contender based on their respective Contest Entry to produce a LTO Whopper® sandwich that will be offered in restaurant.• Public Voting Of The MDW Contenders (LTO Whoppers): Sponsor will offer online public voting of the three LTO Whopper® sandwiches, during the same period that they are available at participating Burger King restaurants in November 2024. Members of the public who have a BK® Royal Perks account will be able to vote for their favorite. Sponsor will publicize exact dates and timeframe for the online Public Voting Period on its website.
Sponsor's computer is the official time-keeping device for the Contest.
5. How To Submit A Contest Entry: During the Contest Submission Period, visit BK.com/mdw (“Site”), accept the Contest Official Rules http://www.heya.toyota.comand follow the instructions to create and submit your Contest Entry. 
Step 1: Entrant is presented with a bun and first selects either a 100% Flame Grilled Beef patty or an Impossible™ patty for their Whopper Idea. This selection is not part of the Entrant’s Contest Entry and will not impact the Sponsor’s assessment of the Whopper Idea for purposes of this Contest
Step 2: Entrant must add at least three (3), but no more than eight (8) “Toppings” (see Toppings Guidelines section below) in order to create a Contest Entry.
1. Toppings must be edible food items2. Toppings must be written in English and there is a 25 character limitation on the Topping Name3. The Site will not allow Entrants to include:
         a. Nonedible/ non-food items (as recognized by Million Dollar Whopper AI Tool*);
         b. Peanuts and crustacean shellfish (i.e., “Prohibited Allergens”); and
         c. Beverages
*Million Dollar Whopper AI Tool:Each Topping submitted is reviewed by the Million Dollar Whopper AI Tool (“AI Tool”), which recognizes millions of edible items. However, due to system limitations, some Toppings that meet the requirements of these Official Rules will not be recognized by the AI Tool. If a Topping is “not recognized” Entrant can try submitting a Topping that closely approximates the intended taste and texture of the unrecognized Topping.
         d. The Site will allow Entrant to include any other edible food item as a Topping. However, Entrant should review the Toppings Guidelines section below for information concerning how the AI Tool will “sort” Toppings, Burger King’s assumptions about Toppings, and feasibility considerations that the Burger King Judging Panel will consider.
         e. The list of Toppings constitutes the Entrant’s Contest Entry. The order of the Toppings is not relevant to judging of a Contest Entry.
Step 3: Once Entrant has submitted and reviewed their Toppings, Entrant will be prompted to register or log into their BK® Royal Perks account. Joining BK® Royal Perks is free, but subject to its Terms and Conditions Entrants may enroll and/or log into their BK® Royal Perks account by visiting https://www.bk.com/royalperks.
Limit: Each Entrant may submit up to three (3) Contest Entries during the Contest Submission Period. Contest Entries received from any person using multiple BK® Royal Perks accounts, or any other method that results in an individual submitting more than three (3) Contest Entries will be void and may result in disqualification of Entrant. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited. Sponsor will disqualify any Entrant known or reasonably believed to have used an automated system or any other method that violates or undermines the intended entry process. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of an Entrant, Sponsor and Prize Administrator will rely on the information submitted by the Entrant to register for their BK® Royal Perks account to determine Entrant’s identity. If any additional information provided by Entrant is inconsistent with the information provided when enrolling in BK® Royal Perks, Sponsor may disqualify such Entrant and such disqualification will result in the forfeiture of any prizes. If you use a mobile device to enter the Contest, standard message and data rates may apply. Please consult your wireless service provider regarding its pricing plans prior to playing and entering via your wireless mobile device.
Toppings Guidelines:
Entrant should select their Toppings with the following guidelines in mind.
1. A Topping must be an edible food item. Edible means that the item is safe and suitable for human consumption.2. Each Topping is understood to be a single edible food item, of a sufficient size and/or quantity to impart the taste and flavor associated with the Topping.3. A Topping does not have to be a single ingredient, but rather can be a mixture of ingredients which is typically treated as a single item. For example, salsa, marinara sauce, and pesto all include multiple ingredients but are treated and available for sale as a single food item.4. If the Topping comes in different varieties and/or flavors, the variety should be listed. For example, blue cheese, granny smith apple, red onion.5. A Topping will be assumed to be in a food safe state of preparation common to a hamburger-based sandwich from a typical Burger King restaurant. For example, a Topping that lists bacon will be assumed to be cooked; whereas onion will be assumed to be a raw, sliced onion, unless a preparation method is specified.6. If the intent is to use a Topping more than once, such as two slices of American cheese, Entrant should list American cheese two times to reflect two (2) separate Toppings.7. Entrant may include a name brand Topping as part of their Whopper Idea; however, if the Whopper Idea is selected as an MDW Contender, and Burger King is unable to obtain a trademark license to use or advertise a particular Topping, Burger King will substitute a generic version of the Topping for use in the Limited Time Offer Whopper® sandwiches.8. Each Topping will be “sorted” as set forth in Section 7 (a) (i) based on the words entered when submitting the Contest Entry. For example, the following ingredients will all be treated as different Toppings during the sorting process:1. Tomato, Tomatoes, and Tomatoe (singular, plural and misspelled);2. Aioli and Garlic Aioli (even though consumers likely use these terms interchangeably to mean the same thing);3. Sauteed onions and grilled onions (even though preparation methods result in similar end product); and4. Cheddar cheese and cheddar (even though consumers likely use these terms interchangeably to mean the same thing as it relates to a hamburger sandwich).9. Toppings will be judged based on the feasibility of using the Topping on a hamburger-based sandwich prepared in a Burger King restaurant. Accordingly consider:1. the availability and cost of the Topping;2. whether the Topping can be stored in a Burger King restaurant’s walk-in refrigerator and freezer;3. will the Topping need additional preparation and/or can it be purchased in the prepared state as listed in the Contest Entry.For example: (packaged) hummus, (frozen) fish sticks, (jarred) fried shallots, or (canned) artichoke hearts; and4. if the Topping requires cooking or heating in restaurant, can that be done with the Burger King restaurant kitchen equipment/appliances (i.e., a broiler suitable for meat patties only, fryer, microwave (or similar heating device).
6. Not An Offer Of Employment And Acknowledgement That Whopper Idea May Have Been Previously Developed: Nothing in these Official Rules is an offer or contract of employment of any kind with any entity, including Sponsor or any company associated with Sponsor. By submitting a Contest Entry, each Entrant agrees that their Contest Entry is gratuitous and made without restriction, and will not place Sponsor under any obligation, that Sponsor is free to disclose the ideas and content contained in the Contest Entry on a non-confidential basis to anyone or otherwise use the ideas and content without any additional compensation or notification to Entrant. Entrant acknowledges that, by acceptance of Entrant’s Contest Entry, Burger King does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Burger King, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than Entrant. Entrant acknowledges that no confidential, fiduciary, agency or other relationship or implied-in-fact contract now exists between Entrant and Burger King or any of the Released Parties and that no such relationship is established by any submission made pursuant to these Official Rules. Entrant also acknowledges that other Entrants may submit Contest Entries that are substantially similar, or identical, to the Entrant’s Contest Entry(ies). Entrant acknowledges that it does not have ownership rights to the Contest Entry(ies) submitted. 
7. Finalist Determination, Finalist Requirements And Finalist Prize: Finalists will be determined according to the process set forth below.
   1. Judging Of Whopper Ideas And Selection Of Finalists: Selection of Finalists will take place using the multi-step process set forth below. 
1. Initial Computerized Sorting of Contest Entries: After the conclusion of the Contest Submission Period, Sponsor will use a computer model to sort all Contest Entries based upon the commonality (high frequency) of the Toppings included and the uniqueness (low frequency) of the Toppings included. The sorting of the Contest Entries will result in an array of Whopper Ideas where the Toppings range from the most common Toppings to the most unique Toppings. Within the array, the model will sort the Whopper Ideas into three “Groups” as follows:1. Whopper Ideas with most common Toppings,‍2. Whopper Ideas with the most unique Toppings, and3. Whopper Ideas with a relatively equal combination of common and unique Toppings.2. Judging Panel Review: A panel of qualified judges with subject matter expertise, determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion, will review the Groups of Whopper Ideas, and utilize the following criteria to select one Whopper Idea from each Group, each a MDW Contender:1. Feasibility: The Feasibility score will be based on the operational ease and practicality of incorporating the Toppings contained in the Whopper Idea. Evaluation criteria includes ingredient availability, sourcing, cost, and operational ease (i.e., preparation time, food storage requirements, compatibility with existing equipment and compliance with food safety/public health regulations and standards). The Feasibility Score is worth 40% 2. Innovation: The Innovation score of the Whopper Idea is based on its culinary creativity (i.e., how well it captures authentic flavors and highlights specific culinary traditions with a new twist, or combines Toppings in unexpected ways), its inventive taste profile, and visual appeal. The Innovation Score is worth 30%.3. Popularity: The Popularity score is based on the expected appeal of the Whopper Idea to most Burger King customers. The Popularity Score is worth 30%. 4. Sponsor will not disclose any judging scores.3. Random Drawing To Select Finalists: Sponsor expects that there will be multiple Entrants who submitted Contest Entries that are the same or substantially similar to the three MDW Contenders selected by the Judges. If so, Sponsor will aggregate all Contest Entries that match or are substantially similar (as determined by the Sponsor in its sole discretion) to each MDW Contender. Prize Administrator will conduct random drawings including all Contest Entries that are the same or substantially similar to the applicable MDW Contender in order to select a potential Finalist to represent each MDW Contender Odds of being selected as a potential Finalist depend upon the number of Entrants who submitted the same or substantially similar Contest Entry for each respective MDW Contender. If there is only one single Entrant who has submitted a Contest Entry for a particular MDW Contender, then this Entrant will be deemed a potential Finalist.
  2. Finalist Notification & Requirements: The potential Finalists will be notified by email on or about April 25, 2024. Each potential Finalist will be required to sign and return within three (3) days of the date the notice is sent a Declaration and Non-Disclosure Agreement (“Notice Document”) whereby Finalist (1) confirms that they meet eligibility requirements; (2) agrees to these Official Rules; (3) waives liability against all Released Parties; (4) agrees to a confidential background check to confirm that they have not engaged in conduct that could damage the reputation of Sponsor; (5) agrees to participate in collaboration with the Burger King culinary team to create a Limited Time Offer Whopper® sandwich that that can be mass produced using the Finalist’s Whopper Idea as its basis; (6) Finalist acknowledges that the final recipe for the Limited Time Offer Whopper® will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion; (7) agrees to be filmed during the Finalist trip (as described below), herein “Prize Footage,” and that Sponsor will own the Prize Footage and may use such Prize Footage, including Finalist’s name, photograph, voice and/or likeness, for advertising and/or publicity purposes in any and all media now known or hereinafter invented without territorial or time limitations and without any further notification or compensation due to Finalist, and (7) Finalist confirms that they have no ownership rights associated with the content of their proposed Whopper Idea and acknowledges that they will not receive any compensation or attribution related the Limited Time Offer Whopper® or any later developed Whopper® based on, or similar to the Finalists Whopper Idea. 
If a potential Finalist cannot be contacted, fails to execute and return the Notice Document, provide requested information, or does not comply with these Official Rules, potential Finalist forfeits the opportunity to continue in the Contest and is disqualified from winning a prize. Additionally, if the background check reveals that a potential Finalist has engaged in conduct that could damage the reputation of Sponsor or any of the Released Parties, as determined by Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion, Sponsor may disqualify such Finalist. If a potential Finalist is disqualified for any reason, a runner-up, selected using the process described above in Section 7 (a), may advance as a potential Finalist in the Contest in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
  3. Three (3) Finalist Prizes: Each of the three (3) Finalists and their respective guests (one guest per Finalist) will receive a trip to Miami, FL to collaborate with the Burger King Culinary team to finalize a recipe for the Limited Time Offer Whopper® based on their Contest Entry, tentatively scheduled for May 2024, specific dates to be determined by Sponsor. Trip package includes round trip, business-class air transportation for two (2) (may be substituted for a coach travel, if business class is not available), for each Finalist and their respective guest, from a major airport near winner’s home (determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion) to Miami, FL; four (4) nights' accommodations at a luxury hotel determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion (single room, double occupancy); private helicopter tour over Miami (all details determined by Sponsor; finalist and guest will be required to sign additional waivers), ground transportation to and from destination airport and hotel; $1,500 spending money and a check for up to $5,200 intended to assist with any federal, state, or other tax obligations related to this prize (the “Tax Gross-Up Payment”). The Grand Prize winner’s actual tax liabilities related to this prize could exceed the Tax Gross-Up Payment. Finalist is solely responsible for all applicable federal, state, or other tax obligations related to this prize. Sponsor will not provide any further assistance toward the Finalist’s tax obligations. Winner must travel on the dates determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion or prize will be forfeited. If Finalist is unable to travel on the dates set by Sponsor, Finalist will forfeit all elements of the travel prize; however, Sponsor will arrange for video/phone consultations with the applicable Finalist to obtain Finalist’s input for the production of the LTO Whopper so that the Finalist may continue in the Contest. Finalists are obligated to work with Sponsor’s travel agent to book trip immediately upon winner confirmation. Travel and accommodations are subject to availability and blackout dates. Travel must be round trip. Sponsor will determine airline and flight itinerary in its sole discretion. No refund or compensation will be made in the event of the cancellation or delay of any flight. Travel is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Contest, and those set forth by the Sponsor’s airline carrier of choice as detailed in the passenger ticket contract. All expenses and incidental travel costs not expressly stated in the package description above, including but not limited to, additional ground transportation, meals, incidentals, gratuities, passenger tariffs or duties, airline fees, surcharges, airport fees, service charges or facility charges, personal charges at lodging, security fees, taxes or other expenses are the responsibility solely of winner. Winner must have proper identification and a valid credit card for hotel check-in and to cover incidental expenditures. Unless child of winner, travel companion must be eighteen (18) years of age or older as of the date of departure and must travel on same itinerary and at the same time as the winner. Travel companion must execute liability/publicity releases prior to issuance of travel documents. Travel restrictions, conditions and limitations may apply. By traveling and participating in this phase of the Contest, winner and winner’s guests voluntarily assume all risks related to exposure to COVID-19. Winner and travel companions are responsible for complying with any COVID-19 requirements set forth by airline, rental car vendor, hotels, excursion and event venues or other vendors offering services that are part of the trip prize. Failure to comply with any required COVID-19 requirements, may result in forfeiture of the prize of elements of the prize. Forfeiture of any aspect of the trip due to failure to meet these requirements will not impact the value of the trip as reported on an IRS Form 1099. If in the judgment of Sponsor air travel is not required due to winner’s proximity to prize location, ground transportation will be substituted for round trip air travel at Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor will not replace any lost, mutilated, or stolen tickets, travel vouchers or certificates. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”): $17,300. Actual value may vary based on airfare fluctuations and distance between departure and destination. Winner will not receive difference between actual and approximate retail value. Prizes are non-transferable and no substitution will be made except as provided herein at the Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize (or a component thereof) for one of equal or greater value if the designated prize should become unavailable for any reason. Winners are responsible for all taxes and fees associated with prize receipt and/or use. Limit: One (1) Finalist Prize per household.
8. Prize Winner Determination And Prizes:
1. Public Voting: Starting in sometime in November 2024, Sponsor will offer the three (3) LTO Whopper® sandwiches inspired by and based on the Finalist’s Whopper Ideas in participating Burger King restaurants. During this same time period (dates to be announced on BK.com), the three (3) Finalist’s LTO Whopper® sandwiches will be posted in an online gallery at BK.com/MDW. Persons who meet the eligibility as set forth in Section 1 will be able to log into their BK® Royal Perks account and vote for the Finalist LTO Whopper® sandwich that they like best. Limit: Each person may vote one (1) time during the Voting Period. Multiple votes received from any person in excess of the stated number will be void. Any attempt by any Finalist or voter to obtain votes by any fraudulent or inappropriate means, including without limitation, utilizing paid advertising, authorizing or permitting third parties to advertise or solicit votes, offering prizes or other inducements to members of the public as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion, by using any automated program, by creating or inducing others to create multiple BK® Royal Perks accounts, or any other methods that influence or undermine a fair voting process, will void those votes and Finalist may be disqualified as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Subject to all Finalists’ compliance with these Official Rules, the Finalist whose Whopper® sandwich receives the highest number of valid votes during the Voting Period will be deemed the Grand Prize winner; the Finalist whose Whopper sandwich receives the next highest number of valid votes during the Voting Period will receive the Second Prize and the Finalist whose Whopper sandwich receives the fewest number of valid votes during the Voting Period will receive the Third Prize. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to select an alternate Grand Prize Winner, based on reassessment of the votes after removal of suspicious votes (determined in its discretion), should the voting appear to have been tampered with or manipulated in any way. Sponsor reserves the right to not award all prizes if it finds that any Finalist has violated these Official Rules.2. One (1) Grand Prize: Grand Prize winner will receive $1,000,000 by ACH transfer to winner’s bank. 3. One (1) Second Prize: Second Prize winner will receive $200,000 by ACH transfer to winner’s bank. 4. One (1) Third Prize: Third Prize winner will receive $100,000 by ACH transfer to winner’s bank. 
Winner will be announced in January 2025 and prizes will be fulfilled 4 – 6 weeks after the announcement. Each Winner will receive an IRS 1099 reporting the cumulative value of all prizes received. Winner is responsible for all taxes associated with the cumulative prize received.
9. Release: By receipt of any prize, each winner agrees to release and hold harmless the Sponsor, Media.Monks, Prize Administrator, and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, distributors, advertising/promotion agencies, and prize suppliers, and each of their respective parent companies and each such company’s officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the “Released Parties”) from and against any claim or cause of action, including, but not limited to, personal injury, death, or damage to or loss of property, arising out of participation in the Contest or receipt, use inability to use or misuse of any prize, including any related travel. 
10. Publicity: Acceptance of any prize shall constitute and signify each Finalist’s agreement and consent that Sponsor and its designees may use the winner’s name, city, state, likeness, photos, Prize Footage, Contest Entry, image created by Sponsor associated with the Contest Entry, and/or prize information in connection with the Contest for promotional, advertising or other purposes, worldwide, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, including the Internet, without limitation and without further payment, notification, permission or other consideration, except where prohibited by law. 
11. General Conditions: Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Contest if any fraud, technical failures, human error, any other factor impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Contest, or any event or cause beyond Sponsor’s control (e.g. events such as natural calamities, national emergencies, wide spread illnesses, declarations of war, acts of God, acts of terrorism) interferes with any aspect of the Contest, including but not limited to fulfillment of the prize(s), as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. If terminated, Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, determine the winner(s) from among all non-suspect, eligible Contest Entries received up to time of such action using the judging procedure outlined above in Section 7 (a) or alternate procedures determined by Sponsor that best replicate the sorting process described and/or randomly select at least 1000 Contest Entries and then judge as previously described. In addition, if terminated, Sponsor will modify the prizes offered. In addition, Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Contest, to be acting in violation of the Official Rules of this promotion or in a disruptive manner and will void all associated Contest Entries. Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Contest may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies (including attorneys’ fees) from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
12. Limitations Of Liability: Released Parties are not responsible for:
1. Any incorrect or inaccurate information, caused by printing errors or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Contest.2. Technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to: (1) malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections to the internet, in-phone lines or network hardware or software or related to serverless architecture, Content Delivery Network (CDN) performance, and Artificial Intelligence (“AI”); (2) any incorrect or inaccurate information caused by equipment failures or programming errors arising from the use of Cloud Infrastructure, third-party Cloud Computer Platform services, Application Program Interfaces (APIs), or Vector Databases; (3) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the Submission process of the Contest, including but not limited to security breaches, hacking attempts, exploitation of system vulnerabilities, or authentication misuse; (4) technical, computer, network, or human error in the configuration of Computer Cloud Platform Firewalls leading to legitimate traffic blocking or failure in handling high traffic volumes; (5) printing, typographical, technical, programming or human errors in the administration of the Contest, the processing, and judging of Contest Entries, the votes and/or the tabulating of votes, the announcement of the prizes or in any Contest-related materials; and (6) misdirected or undeliverable Contest Entries due to technical problems, malfunctions of computer systems, servers, providers, hardware/software, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed, incomplete, garbled, or delayed computer transmission.3. Any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant’s participation in the Contest, including digital security risks, or receipt or use or misuse of any prize (including any travel/activity related thereto).4. Released parties are not responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of any Contest Entry.
13. Disputes: Except where prohibited, each entrant agrees that: (1) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (Southern Division) or the appropriate Michigan State Court located in Oakland County, Michigan; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Contest, but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (3) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, indirect, punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Contest, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Michigan or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Michigan. 
14. Severability: If the application of any provision of these Official Rules to any particular facts or circumstances shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision as applied to any other particular facts or circumstances, and the other provisions of these Official Rules, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible. In addition, if any provision contained in these Official Rules shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with applicable law.
15. Entrant's Personal Information: Information collected from entrant is subject to Sponsor’s Privacy Policy: https://www.bk.com/privacy-policy.
16. Winner List: For a winner list, click HERE. The winner list will be posted after winner confirmation is complete.