Starbucks Standard Terms & Conditions of Purchase
Version 3.1 Updated August 1, 2019

1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Agreement have the meanings assigned to such terms in this Section 1.

“Affiliate” means, with respect to either party to the Agreement, any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the applicable party through the exercise of voting power or otherwise.

“Agreement” means, collectively, these Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase, as amended, revised, and updated, Starbucks purchase agreement, purchase schedule, Order, blanket purchase agreement, Specifications, standards and policies referenced in and accompanying documentation that incorporate these Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase.

“Authorized Buyer” means a third party that is identified by Starbucks as a party that is authorized to purchase Products from Seller pursuant to the terms of the Agreement.

“Authorized Representative” means an officer of a party holding the title of Vice President or a title more senior than Vice President.

“Confidentiality Agreement” means Starbucks confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that Seller already has executed or will execute and deliver to Starbucks as part of the Agreement.

“Deliverables” means (i) the reports, presentations, data, information, notes, designs, specifications, studies, instructions, analyses, translations, training materials, prototypes, samples, concepts, recipes, computer programs, graphics, logos, images, prints, photographs, and any other items created for Starbucks or delivered or to be delivered to Starbucks in connection with the Services, and (ii) any “Deliverables” identified in an Order.

“Intellectual Property” means domestic and international rights in any (i) trademarks, (ii) patents, (iii) copyrights, (iv) trade secrets and confidential information, (v) other intellectual proprietary property (of every kind and nature and however designated), whether arising by operation of law, contract, license, or otherwise, (vi) derivatives, improvements, and modifications of the foregoing, and (vii) all registrations, applications, renewals, extensions, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions or reissues of the foregoing now or hereafter in force or hereafter acquired or adopted.

“Marks” means the name or any trademark, service mark, trade dress or logo of Starbucks.

“Order” means a purchase order, a blanket purchase agreement, a blanket purchase order, a release against a blanket purchase agreement, a job or work order, a statement of work, or other mechanism for ordering Products or Services.

“Product” means the goods and products, and any services related or incidental thereto, that are (i) offered for sale by Seller to Starbucks and/or Authorized Buyers, or (ii) purchased by Starbucks and/or Authorized Buyers from Seller, its Affiliates, service providers, agents, distributors, or representatives under this Agreement.

“Seller” means the entity listed in the Agreement as seller, including Seller’s Affiliates, agents, representatives, and service providers.

“Services” means the services described in any Order, and the Deliverables provided in connection with such Services or otherwise provided by Seller under this Agreement.

“Specifications” means, as applicable (i) the written specifications, requirements, guidelines and/or standards with respect to the Product or Services that have been provided or approved by Starbucks; (ii) a physical sample or prototype of the Product that has been provided by Starbucks to Seller; or (iii) a physical sample or prototype of the Product that has been provided by Seller and approved by Starbucks.

“Starbucks” means Starbucks Corporation and its Affiliates.

“Starbucks Intellectual Property” means Intellectual Property that is owned or licensed by Starbucks, including without limitation the Marks and Starbucks confidential information.

“Starbucks Supplier Guidance” means Starbucks Supplier Guidance, as it may be amended, updated, and revised from time to time by Starbucks. Seller shall comply with the requirements set forth in Starbucks Supplier Guidance. A copy of Starbucks Supplier Guidance is located at http://starbucks.com/suppliers.

2. Starbucks Offer to Purchase.
The Agreement represents Starbucks offer to purchase the Products and Services set forth on the Order.

Starbucks offer to purchase the Products and Services is expressly limited to, and expressly made conditional on, Seller’s acceptance of the terms of the Agreement, including without limitation, these Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase. Starbucks objects to any different or additional terms.

3. Seller’s Acceptance.
Seller will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Agreement: (i) even if Seller’s acceptance purports to make acceptance conditional on acceptance of inconsistent, additional or different terms to the Agreement; (ii) when acknowledged by Seller in writing; or (iii) if Seller makes any shipment or performance in response to or in anticipation of an Order.

4. Price
The purchase price will be set forth in the Order. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Order, the price set forth in the Order includes all applicable taxes, duties, tariffs, surcharges, and other amounts assessable by any government authority with respect to the Products or Services. The purchase price may not be modified or changed without the prior written agreement of Starbucks.

5. Quantity
The quantity and description of any Product or Services will be set forth in the Order. Starbucks makes no representations regarding the number of Orders to be placed, or volume of Products or Services, beyond what is specified in an Order. Except for an Order, nothing in the Agreement will constitute a commitment on the part of Starbucks to purchase any specific quantity, amount or type of Product or Services.

6. Invoices
Seller’s invoices, together with such supporting documents as may be reasonably requested by Starbucks, must be sent in accordance with the schedule and to the address listed in the Agreement or on the Order. Additional requirements regarding invoices are contained in the then current Starbucks Supplier Guidance (Invoice Detail Minimum Data Required).

7. Payment Terms
Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Order, payment terms are net 60 days from Starbucks receipt of a correct and undisputed invoice from Seller.

8. Authorized Buyers
8.1. Seller acknowledges and agrees that from time to time Starbucks may designate an Authorized Buyer to purchase Products from Seller and that Products purchased by Authorized Buyers may be used and incorporated into goods and products that are manufactured, produced, and supplied by Authorized Buyers to Starbucks. The Agreement will govern all Orders issued by Starbucks and/or its Authorized Buyers, and all Products that are, directly or indirectly, supplied to Starbucks.

8.2. Seller acknowledges and agrees that Starbucks is not acting as a guarantor with respect to the acts or omissions of any Authorized Buyer. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Starbucks will not be liable for any act or omission of any Authorized Buyers, including without limitation an Authorized Buyer’s failure to purchase its forecasted quantities or pay for Products delivered to the Authorized Buyer.

8.3. If Starbucks notifies Seller in writing that a named party is no longer an Authorized Buyer, Seller will immediately cease to accept any Orders from such party and will not deliver or prepare for pickup any Products with respect to any unfulfilled Orders.

8.4. Seller acknowledges and agrees that Authorized Buyers that purchase Products are intended third party beneficiaries of the terms of the Agreement.

9. Acceptance; Nonconforming and Late Deliveries.
9.1. All Products and Services are subject to inspection and acceptance as described in the Agreement and Starbucks Supplier Guidance (Product Inspection and Acceptance & Nonconformance to Purchase Documents).

9.2. All shipments and deliveries of Product must be in accordance with the quantities and schedules stated in the Agreement. Substitutes will not be accepted. Time is of the essence. Seller may not make advanced, late, short or excess deliveries without the prior written consent of an Authorized Representative of Starbucks. Seller will promptly notify Starbucks of any known or anticipated delay or failure to meet any requirements of the Agreement. Starbucks is not obligated to pay for or accept Products that do not comply with the applicable Agreement, whether due to incorrect (over or short) quantities, untimely shipments or deliveries, or otherwise, and such shipments may be returned at Seller’s expense and risk.

9.2.1. If Seller delivers nonconforming Products, Starbucks may, in its sole discretion (i) accept all or any portion of a nonconforming delivery, or (ii) reject all or any portion of the nonconforming delivery. If Starbucks elects to accept a nonconforming delivery, Starbucks will only be obligated to pay for the Products that are accepted, subject to a mutually agreeable reduction in price or other consideration.

9.2.2. If Seller fails to deliver the Product within the time period or by the delivery date set forth in the Agreement, Starbucks may, in its sole discretion, reject or accept the late delivery.

9.3. All Deliverables must be developed, created, tested and delivered in accordance with the Specifications and this Agreement, including the due dates set forth in the applicable Order, or as otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. Following delivery of any Deliverable, Starbucks will have the right to review and evaluate the Deliverable to determine whether it complies with the terms of the Specifications and this Agreement.

9.3.1. If Starbucks rejects any Deliverable, it shall notify Seller of such rejection and the reason therefore, and Seller shall correct and redeliver, at Seller’s sole expense, the Deliverable within ten (10) business days of such notice, or such other period agreed upon by the parties in writing (the “Correction Period”).

9.3.2. If Seller fails to deliver any Deliverable by its due date, or if Starbucks rejects any Deliverable in accordance with this Section 9, then Starbucks may, at its sole option, and without waiving any other remedy: (i) extend the Correction Period; (ii) accept the non-conforming or untimely Deliverable and continue under this Agreement, subject to a mutually agreeable reduction in compensation payable to Seller or other consideration; (iii) reject the non-conforming or untimely Deliverable and receive a refund of any amounts paid to Seller for the Deliverable; or (iv) terminate the Agreement or the applicable Order without any obligation to pay any amount associated with the rejected or untimely Deliverable.

10. Shipping and Delivery
Unless otherwise specified in an Order, if a shipment of Products both originates and ends within the United States, title and risk of loss will pass at Starbucks distribution center identified on the Order. Unless otherwise specified in an Order, if a shipment of Products originates or ends within the United States, the parties agree that the shipping term will be DDP (as published by the International Chamber of Commerce 2010) Starbucks distribution center. Seller shall comply with any additional requirements regarding the packing and shipment of Products as set forth in Starbucks

Supplier Guidance (Packaging and Shipping Requirements).

11. Termination
Starbucks reserves the right to terminate the Agreement or any Order by providing Seller with fifteen (15) days written notice. In addition, Starbucks may terminate the Agreement or any Order at any time if any of the following occurs: (i) Seller fails to comply with any requirements or obligations under the Agreement; (ii) Seller makes any assignment for the benefit of Seller’s creditors; or (iii) a receiver is appointed for Seller.

12. Obligations upon Termination
In the event of any termination of this Agreement or the expiration or termination of any Order, then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Order, the following will apply:

12.1. Seller will cease performance and cooperate with Starbucks to affect an orderly, efficient, effective and expeditious winding-down of the parties' respective activities.

12.2. Seller will return to Starbucks all tools, data, information, items and other materials provided by or on behalf of Starbucks.

12.3. Seller will promptly deliver to Starbucks any completed or partially completed Deliverables which have been paid for.

12.4. Starbucks and Seller will make a fair and equitable modification of their rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided, however that Starbucks will not compensate Seller for any Services not performed or Products not shipped by the date of such expiration or termination, and in no event will Seller be entitled to any termination fee, reallocation of cost, recovery of lost profit or overhead charges. Seller’s claim for an equitable adjustment under this paragraph must be submitted to Starbucks in writing within 30 days of receipt of notice of termination, otherwise all such claims of Seller shall be deemed to have been waived.

13. Recalls
Starbucks may initiate a recall, withdraw the Products, or suspend the sale or distribution of the Product (collectively, a “Recall”) if (i) the Products create a risk of personal injury or public safety, or (ii) Starbucks reasonably anticipates that the Products will adversely affect Starbucks, the Marks, and the goodwill associated with Starbucks and the Marks. Seller will not contact any third parties or make any public statement regarding any investigation, notification or Recall without the prior written consent of an Authorized Representative of Starbucks.

14. Representations and Warranties
Seller represents, warrants, and covenants to Starbucks that all Products and Services: (i) are free from defects; (ii) are merchantable and fit for their intended purpose; (iii) conform to the Specifications and other requirements of the Agreement; (iv) are free and clear of all liens, claims or encumbrances; (v) comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, regulations, rules or governmental orders; and (vi) do not infringe or violate the Intellectual Property rights of any third parties. Seller further warrants that all Services hereunder shall be performed by personnel with the experience, training, skill and other qualifications needed to perform the Services, and will be provided in a timely, professional and workmanlike manner, in accordance with the highest industry standards. Seller further represents and warrants that: (i) Seller has complied with and will at all times be in compliance with applicable laws, ordinances, regulations, rules or governmental orders; (ii) Seller has all necessary licenses, permits, rights, powers, and authority to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations pursuant to the Agreement; and (iii) the execution and performance of the Agreement will not result in the breach by Seller of any agreement, covenant, court order, judgment or decree to which Seller is a party or by which it is bound. Unless otherwise provided in an Order, all warranties contained in the Agreement are in addition to all other warranties, express, implied or statutory, applicable to Seller or the Products or Services.

15. Indemnification
Seller shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Starbucks, any Authorized Buyers, and its and their directors, officers, managers, employees, representatives, agents, successors and assigns from against any and all third party actions, demands, allegations, claims, liability, investigations, suits, loss or expense, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and cost of litigation (“Claims”), arising out of or related to: (i) the actual or alleged infringement, violation, or misappropriation of a third party’s Intellectual Property rights by Seller or the Products or Services (excluding claims of infringement arising from Starbucks Intellectual Property); (ii) Seller’s breach of the Agreement; (iii) any claims of personal injury, death, or property damage caused by the Products or arising out of the Seller’s performance (or non-performance) of the Services; (iv) Seller’s negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) any disputes between Seller and any supplier, vendor, or service provider of Seller. In addition, Seller shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Starbucks and Authorized Buyers against any and all Claims arising out of or related to Recalls of the Product resulting from Seller’s breach of the Agreement, Seller’s violation of laws, or Seller’s negligence or willful misconduct. The obligation to pay attorneys’ fees in this indemnity provision includes all attorneys’ fees incurred in defending any claim or establishing the right to indemnity under this Agreement. All indemnification obligations survive the termination of this Agreement or any Order.

16. Starbucks Intellectual Property
Seller acknowledges that all rights of ownership of the Marks, Starbucks confidential information, and Starbucks Intellectual Property belongs exclusively to and inures to the benefit of Starbucks. Seller will not at any time acquire any rights, title or interest in the Marks, Starbucks confidential information, or Starbucks Intellectual Property. Seller agrees that it will not at any time contest the ownership or validity of any of the Marks, Starbucks confidential information, or Starbucks Intellectual Property, nor register or attempt to register any of the foregoing nor assist anyone else to do so, nor do anything that would jeopardize or diminish the Marks, Starbucks confidential information, or Starbucks Intellectual Property.

17. Works for Hire
Any work or work product, and all Intellectual Property related to any work or work product (collectively, “Works”), created by Seller or its employees, service providers, contractors, or agents at the request of Starbucks and incorporated into the Product or Services, including but not limited to any Deliverables, will be deemed to have been specifically ordered and commissioned by Starbucks, and will be considered a work made for hire from the moment of creation and will be the sole and exclusive property of Starbucks without any need for accounting therefor. To the extent that the Works are not considered works-made-for-hire, without reservation or limitation, Seller (on behalf of itself and its employees, service providers, contractors, and agents to) hereby assigns, transfers and conveys the Works to Starbucks, exclusively, irrevocably, and perpetually, together with all right, title and interest and any goodwill associated therewith throughout the world. No rights are reserved for or by Seller (or its employees, service providers, contractors, and agents to) or will revert to Seller, who expressly waives any rights of attribution or integrity. Seller agrees to obtain all appropriate releases and assignments necessary to convey to Starbucks the rights in the Works. Seller agrees to make (and shall cause its employees, service providers, contractors, and agents to make) full disclosure to Starbucks of all aspects of all Works. Seller agrees not to file for or register any patents, trademarks, or copyrights in connection with the Works. Upon completion of the Works (or Starbucks earlier request) Seller must deliver to Starbucks the Works together with all copies of the Works. Seller must provide (and shall cause its employees, service providers, contractors, and agents to provide) Starbucks with such information and know-how as necessary to use and utilize the Works and improvements or derivatives related to the Works. Seller further agrees not to (nor assists anyone to) make any claim to, take any adverse action against or damage the goodwill or validity of the Works and Starbucks rights herein. Seller grants to Starbucks a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license, with the ability to license and sublicense and without a need for accounting, to make or use any and all of Seller’s Intellectual Property rights in connection with the use and utilization of the Works and improvements or derivatives related to the Works.

18. Confidentiality
Seller may not disclose any information regarding the business relationship between the parties, Starbucks use of the Products, Services, or any other information arising from or related to the business activities between the parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Starbucks and Seller agree to be bound by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. If Starbucks disclosed any sensitive, private, secret, proprietary, or confidential information to Seller prior to the execution of the Confidentiality Agreement, Seller agrees that such information will be governed by this Section 18 and the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. The Agreement and the business relationship between the parties are confidential information and subject to the terms of this Section 18 and the Confidentiality Agreement. Any breach of the Confidentiality Agreement will constitute a breach of the Agreement. In the event of conflict between the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and these Standard Terms and Conditions of Purchase, the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement will prevail.

19. No Publicity
Seller may not refer to Starbucks, the Agreement or the existence of a business relationship between Seller and Starbucks for any marketing or promotional purposes, without the prior written consent of an Authorized Representative of Starbucks.

20. Use of Starbucks Marks
Seller may not use Starbucks name or the Marks in any manner, promotional or otherwise, without the prior written consent of an Authorized Representative of Starbucks. In the event Starbucks consents to Seller’s use of Starbucks name or the Marks, such use is contingent upon Seller’s compliance with Starbucks guidelines, requirements and other instructions for such use and such consent may be revoked at any time, in Starbucks sole discretion. All goodwill arising out of Seller’s use of the Marks will inure solely to the benefit of Starbucks.

21. Subcontracting
Seller may not subcontract all or any portion of its obligations or duties under the Agreement without the prior written consent of an Authorized Representative of Starbucks, which consent may be withheld in Starbucks sole discretion. To the extent Starbucks consents to the use of subcontractors, any acts or omissions of a service provider or subcontractor of Seller will be deemed to be the acts and omissions of Seller.

22. Quality Assurance
Seller shall maintain a quality assurance program that is acceptable to Starbucks for all Products contemplated by the Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) if the Products are food or beverage products, or include any ingredient or component used in a food or beverage product, then Seller must comply with Starbucks Standards for Food Suppliers, as such standards may be amended, changed, or modified by Starbucks from time to time and (ii) if the Products are non- food products, then Seller must comply with Starbucks Standards for Non-Food Suppliers, as such standards may be amended, changed, or modified by Starbucks from time to time. The then current versions of the aforementioned standards are located at http://starbucks.com/suppliers.

23. Travel
If Seller is providing Services, Starbucks will have no obligation to reimburse Seller for travel and related expenses, unless a Starbucks Authorized Representative authorizes such expenses in advance and in writing. In such event, Starbucks shall reimburse Seller only for travel and other expenses pre- approved in writing, and all travel expenses incurred by Seller must be in accordance with Starbucks Non-Partner Travel Policy. The then current version of Starbucks Non-Partner Travel Policy is located at http://starbucks.com/suppliers.

24. Insurance
Seller shall maintain Commercial General Liability insurance with a minimum of $1,000,000 per occurrence and a general aggregate limit of not less than $2,000,000. Seller shall name Starbucks as an additional insured under Seller’s Commercial General Liability insurance policy and such insurance will be primary and non-contributing with any insurance otherwise available to Starbucks. In addition, Seller will provide Starbucks with evidence of such insurance in the form of an insurance certificate upon request. Seller will provide Starbucks with written notice of the scheduled expiration or termination of its Commercial General Liability policy no later than thirty (30) days’ prior to the effective date of any expiration or termination.

25. Ethical Sourcing
Seller must comply with the requirements, standards, guidelines, and policies set forth in Starbucks Supplier Social Responsibility Standards, as such standards may be amended, changed, or modified by Starbucks from time to time. A copy of Starbucks Supplier Social Responsibility Standards is located at http://starbucks.com/suppliers.

26. Audits and Inspections
Starbucks and its service providers shall have access to any facility, warehouse, plant, or site where the Products, or any ingredients or components that are used to manufacture and produce the Products, are manufactured, grown, processed, converted, and/or stored to inspect and audit the Products and the activities being performed by Seller, and to ensure Seller’s compliance with this Agreement. Seller shall provide such information requested by Starbucks or its service provider in connection with any audit, inspection, or assessment of Seller, its Affiliates, suppliers, subcontractors, service providers, and representatives and their compliance with this Agreement. Seller will cooperate with these inspections. Seller shall cause all of its Affiliates, suppliers, subcontractors, service providers, and representatives to comply and cooperate with any audit or inspection conducted by Starbucks or its service provider. Seller will implement any reasonable corrective action requested by Starbucks resulting from any inspection.

27. U.S. Government Sales
The United States Government may be a customer for the Products and/or Services. To the extent applicable, the parties shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60- 741.5(a), as may be amended. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

28. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
The Agreement and any all disputes between Seller and Starbucks are governed by and must be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, without reference to conflicts of law principles. The parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington for any legal proceeding involving the Agreement or any dispute between Seller and Starbucks. None of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Products will be applied to the interpretation or enforcement of the Agreement. In the event of any dispute regarding the interpretation or enforcement of the Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and cost of litigation.

29. Rights and Remedies
In addition to any remedy identified in the Agreement, if Seller breaches any term of the Agreement, Starbucks will have the right to: (i) terminate the Agreement and/or any Order; (ii) demand the immediate return of all confidential information; (iii) recover its damages incurred by reason of such breach, including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, and its attorneys’ fees and costs of litigation; (iv) obtain injunctive relief to prevent such breach or to otherwise enforce the terms of the Agreement; and (v) pursue any other remedy available at law or in equity. Failure to properly demand compliance or performance of any term of the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of Starbucks rights or remedies. All rights and remedies of either party hereto are cumulative of each other, and the exercise of one or more rights or remedies will not prejudice or impair the concurrent or subsequent exercise of other rights or remedies.

30. Waiver
No waiver of any term or condition is valid unless it is in writing and signed by a duly authorized person of Seller and an Authorized Representative of Starbucks. Starbucks inspection, acceptance of a nonconforming delivery, test, payment, delay or failure to inspect or test, or failure to discover any defect will not be deemed to be a waiver of any of Starbucks rights or remedies.

31. Assignment
Seller may not assign the Agreement or any of its rights, interests, duties, or obligations with respect to the Agreement, whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise, without the prior written consent of an Authorized Representative of Starbucks.

32. Independent Contractor
Seller represents and warrants that it is a seller, in the ordinary course, of the Products of the kind being purchased. If Seller is to provide Services under the Agreement, Seller represents and warrants that it is an independent contractor and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or representative of Starbucks. Nothing in the Agreement will be construed as creating an employer-employee or a principal-agent relationship. Seller has no authority to bind or otherwise obligate Starbucks in any manner.

33. Notices
Whenever a provision is made under the Agreement for any notice or declaration of any kind, or where it is deemed desirable or necessary by Seller to serve such notice to Starbucks, it must be in writing and served either personally or sent by United States mail, certified, postage prepaid, addressed at the addresses set forth below or at such address that Starbucks may from time to time. Notices will be deemed delivered upon receipt. Notices to Starbucks must be sent to the following addresses:

Starbucks Corporation 2401 Utah Avenue South, Suite 800 Seattle, WA 98134-1067 Global Procurement Attn: senior vice president, Global Procurement

Starbucks Corporation 2401 Utah Avenue South, Suite 800 Seattle, WA 98134-1067 Law & Corporate Affairs Attn: vice president, Global Commercial

34. Survival
Any provision of the Agreement which imposes upon a party an obligation after termination or expiration of the Agreement, including without limitation Sections 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 33, 34 and 36 will survive the termination or expiration of the Agreement or the completion or fulfillment of any Order, and shall be binding upon such party, its successors and assigns. In addition, any provision of the Agreement which imposes upon Seller an obligation after termination or expiration of this Agreement or the completion or fulfillment of any Order shall survive and be binding upon Seller, its Affiliates, their successors and assigns.

35. Amendments
Starbucks shall have the right to amend, revise, and update these Standard Terms and Condition of Purchase at any time by providing written notice to Seller. Any amendments, revisions, or updates to these Standard Terms and Condition of Purchase shall be effective if Starbucks provides Seller with written notice and shall apply to all Orders issued subsequent to the date of such notice. A copy of the then current Standard Terms and Condition of Purchase shall be accessible at http://starbucks.com/suppliers.

36. Complete Agreement
Except as set forth in Section 35 above, the Agreement constitutes the complete agreement between the parties and may not be altered or modified except in writing duly executed by an Authorized Representative of Starbucks. Starbucks objects to any inconsistent, additional or different terms in any prior or subsequent invoice, acknowledgment, confirmation or other document. Trade custom, trade usage and past performance are superseded by the Agreement and may not be used to interpret the Agreement. If any provision of the Agreement becomes void or unenforceable by law, the remaining provisions are still valid and enforceable.
--
Last Revised: September 2024

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS OF USE (“TERMS”), AS SUCH MAY BE REVISED BY STARBUCKS FROM TIME TO TIME, AND IS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE USER (“USER” OR “YOU”) AND STARBUCKS CORPORATION (D/B/A STARBUCKS COFFEE COMPANY) GOVERNING THE USE OF THE WEBSITE. IF USER DOES NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, USER SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE. THESE TERMS CONTAIN DISCLAIMERS AND OTHER PROVISIONS THAT LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO USER.

These Terms apply to your access to, and use of, all or part of any website, web application, or mobile application of Starbucks Corporation or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Starbucks”), including starbucks.com, starbucksreserve.com, starbuckscoffeegear.com, stories.starbucks.com and any other site, mobile application, web application, or online service where these Terms are posted (collectively, the “Sites”). These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Starbucks for products, services or otherwise.

In the event there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and any other terms of use that appear on the Sites, these Terms will govern. However, if you navigate away from the Sites to a third-party site, you may be subject to alternative terms and conditions of use, as may be specified on such site, which will govern your use of that site.

While we make reasonable efforts to provide accurate and timely information about Starbucks Corporation on the Sites, you should not assume that the information is always up to date or that the Sites contain all the relevant information available about Starbucks. In particular, if you are making an investment decision regarding Starbucks, please consult a number of different sources, including Starbucks filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

These Terms include an arbitration agreement that governs any disputes between you and us. In arbitration, there is less discovery and appellate review than in court. This arbitration agreement and other provisions will:

Eliminate your right to a trial by jury to the extent allowable under applicable law; and
Substantially affect your rights, including preventing you from bringing, joining or participating in class or consolidated proceedings in arbitration and litigation.
You agree that we may provide notices, disclosures and amendments to these Terms by electronic means, including by changing these Terms by posting revisions on the Sites.

See also:
Starbucks® Rewards Terms
Starbucks Card Terms


Eligibility

The Sites are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. A USER MUST BE AT LEAST AGE 13 TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITES. If the User is between the ages of 13 and 18, he or she may only use the Sites under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms. User represents and warrants that (a) he/she is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) he/she is not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

In order to participate in certain areas or use certain functions of our Sites, you may need to register for an account. You agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful , current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify Starbucks if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the Sites; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.

Privacy

Please read the Privacy Policy carefully to understand how Starbucks collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from its users. By accessing or using the Sites, you consent to all actions that we take with respect to your data consistent with our Privacy Policy.

Starbucks Cards; Starbucks® Rewards Program

Starbucks may allow you to purchase Starbucks stored value cards (“Starbucks Cards”) or register for its Starbucks® Rewards (“Rewards Program”) program through the Sites. Please refer to the Starbucks Card Terms & Conditions for more information about the terms, conditions and policies that apply to your purchase and use of Starbucks Cards; and to the Starbucks Rewards Terms of Use for more information about the terms, conditions and policies that apply to your registration and use of the Rewards Program.

Mobile Features

Some Users may be able to elect to participate in certain functionality on certain of the Sites, which will allow the User in certain markets or locations to pay for, order, or access a platform to order delivery of Starbucks products. These include:

Mobile Payment, which allows Users to purchase Starbucks products directly via the Sites using a digital Starbucks Card, credit card, debit card or mobile wallet (“Mobile Payment”). Please see the Starbucks Rewards Terms of Use for more details on the benefits associated with different mobile payment methods, and please note that some payment vehicles may charge a nominal fee if they link directly to your account.
Mobile Order and Pay (MOP), which allows Users to use the Sites to order and pay for certain Starbucks products prior to arrival at the store (“MOP”).
In-App Delivery, which allows Users to access via the Sites a platform for ordering delivery of Starbucks products to the User’s location (“In-App Delivery”). This feature is enabled via online third-party platform(s) which connect Users with Starbucks stores and the platform’s third-party delivery contractors. All deliveries will be made by such contractors, and neither Starbucks nor its employees will provide delivery themselves. Users may be subject to third party terms, including the DoorDash Consumer Terms and Conditions. Starbucks has no liability or responsibility for the acts or omissions of any third-party platform or delivery contractor, including with respect to food and product handling. The third-party platform shall handle all fees and payments with respect to any delivery order, and prices for Starbucks products ordered through In-App Delivery may differ from prices charged at stores or via MOP.
With respect to all Mobile Features, Starbucks reserves the right at any time to (a) limit ordering options or the availability of certain products, including a limit of twelve (12) or fewer of each potential beverage modifier (e.g., number of espresso shots, number of pumps of flavored syrup, etc.) per each MOP item ordered; (b) discontinue any or all of these Mobile Features; (c) change the location of markets or stores accepting these features; and/or (d) change the ordering options and limitations for items available through these features. Any delivery, pickup, or preparation times displayed via the Sites or the third-party platform are estimates and do not represent a commitment or guarantee.

Email Communications and Messages

If a User signs up for a Starbucks account on the Sites, the User is, by default, opted in to receive promotional email communications from Starbucks (“Email Communications”). The User may, at the time of sign up, opt out of receiving Email Communications from Starbucks. Thereafter, the User may opt out of receiving Email Communications by adjusting the User’s profile settings in the User’s Starbucks account via www.starbucks.com.

By using the Sites, including the web application, in-app messages may automatically be displayed to the User via the display tiles, including promotional communications and offers. If the User does not wish to see or receive such messages, the User must cease use of the Site.

Copyright, Trademarks, and User License

Unless otherwise indicated, the Sites and all content and other materials therein, including, without limitation, the Starbucks logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, “Site Materials”) are the property of Starbucks or its licensors or users and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Starbucks Coffee Company, Starbucks, the Starbucks logo, and other Starbucks trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Sites are trade names, trademarks or registered trademarks of Starbucks Corporation (collectively “Starbucks Marks”). Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Sites are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners (collectively “Third Party Marks”). The Starbucks Marks and Third-Party Marks may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Starbucks or the applicable trademark holder. The Sites and the Content are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, international treaties, state and federal laws, and other proprietary rights and also may have security components that protect digital information only as authorized by Starbucks or the owner of the Content. All rights not expressly granted are reserved.

Subject to these Terms, Starbucks grants the User a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, and revocable license to use the Sites for personal use only in accordance with these Terms (“User License”). Any use of the Sites in any other manner, including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification or distribution of the Sites or text, pictures, music, barcodes, video, data, hyperlinks, displays, and other content associated with the Sites (“Content”) is prohibited. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring in any manner, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any title or ownership of, or exclusive use-rights to, any intellectual property or other right and any goodwill associated therewith These Terms and User License also govern any updates to, or supplements or replacements for, the Sites, unless separate terms accompany such updates, supplements, or replacements, in which case the separate terms will apply.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Notice

If you believe any material available via the Sites infringes a copyright you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below.

Starbucks Corporation
Law & Corporate Affairs
2401 Utah Ave S, MS:S-LA1, Seattle, WA 98134
1-800-Starbuc (782-7282)
dmca@starbucks.com

Please see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.

If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the Sites, you may make a counter-notification with our Designated Agent listed above, provided that such counter-notification complies with the requirements of 17 U.S.C. §512(g)(3). If Starbucks receives a valid counter-notification, it may reinstate the removed or disabled material in accordance with the DMCA.

In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Starbucks has also adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and in our sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Starbucks may also, in its sole discretion, limit access to the Sites and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

Acceptable Use

User’s use of the Sites, any Content, and any information provided by the User including user names and passwords, addresses, e-mail addresses, phone number, financial information (such as credit card numbers), information related to a Starbucks Card, employer name, or GPS location (“User Information”) transmitted in connection with the Sites is limited to the contemplated functionality of the Sites. In no event may the Sites be used in a manner that (a) harasses, abuses, stalks, threatens, defames, or otherwise infringes or violates the rights of any other party (including but not limited to rights of publicity or other proprietary rights); (b) is unlawful, fraudulent, or deceptive; (c) provides sensitive personal information unless specifically requested by Starbucks, (d) includes spam or any unsolicited advertising; (e) uses technology or other means to access Starbucks or Content that is not authorized by Starbucks; (f) uses or launches any automated system, including without limitation, “robots,” “spiders,” or “offline readers,” to access Starbucks or Content; (g) attempts to introduce viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment; (h) attempts to gain unauthorized access to Starbucks’ computer network or user accounts; (i) encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability; (j) violates these Terms; (k) attempts to damage, disable, overburden, or impair Starbucks’ servers or networks; (l) impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your identity or affiliation with another person or entity; or (m) fails to comply with applicable third party terms (collectively “Acceptable Use”). Starbucks reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any User License, terminate any User’s participation in the Sites (including the Mobile Features), remove Content, or assert legal action with respect to Content or use of the Sites, including Mobile Features, that Starbucks reasonably believes is or might be in violation of these Terms, or Starbucks policies including the Starbucks Card Terms and Conditions. Starbucks’ failure or delay in taking such actions does not constitute a waiver of its rights to enforce these Terms. Starbucks requests that Users not use the Sites, including that they not place orders through Mobile Features, while driving.

User Content

Starbucks does not control, take responsibility for or assume liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Starbucks liable for any user conduct or any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. The interactive areas are generally designed as open and public community areas for connecting and sharing with other people. When you participate in these areas, you understand that certain information and content you choose to post may be displayed publicly. You are solely responsible for your use of the Sites and agree to use the interactive areas at your own risk.

If you become aware of User Content that you believe violates these Terms (with the exception of copyright infringement which is addressed in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice section), you may report it by clicking on the "Report Abuse" or "Flag" links located just below each piece of User Content. Enforcement of these Terms however, is solely in our discretion and absence of enforcement in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce the Terms in other instances. In addition, these Terms do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation or promise that the Sites will not contain any content that is prohibited by these Terms. Although Starbucks has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the User Content posted on the Sites, Starbucks reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content on the Sites at any time and for any reason without notice. You are solely responsible for creating backup copies and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Sites at your sole cost and expense.

If you are viewing the Sites on a public computer or are otherwise using a computer to which multiple people have potential access, be sure to follow all relevant instructions to ensure you are sufficiently disconnected and logged off the Sites and the computer system you are using to prevent unauthorized User Content.

You represent and warrant that your User Content is not subject to any confidentiality obligations and that you own and control all of the rights to the User Content, have the lawful right to distribute and produce such User Content, or otherwise have the right to grant the rights to Starbucks that you grant herein. Starbucks claims no ownership or control over any User Content, except as otherwise provided herein, on the Sites or in a separate agreement. However, by submitting or posting User Content on the Sites, you grant Starbucks and its designees a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid up and royalty free license to use, sell, reproduce, prepare derivative works, combine with other works, alter, translate, distribute copies, display, perform, publish, license or sub-license the User Content and your name and likeness provided in connection with such use of your User Content. By posting User Content, you hereby release Starbucks and its agents and employees from any claims that such use, as authorized above, violates any of your rights and you understand that you will not be entitled to any compensation for any use of your User Content.

Submission of Ideas

Separate and apart from the User Content you provide, you may submit questions, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, improvements, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information about Starbucks, our Sites and our products (collectively, "Ideas"). The Ideas you submit are voluntary, non-confidential, gratuitous and non-committal. Please do not send us Ideas if you expect to be paid or want to continue to own or claim rights in them; your Ideas might be great, but we may have already had the same or similar idea and we do not want disputes. You must also inform us if you have a pending or registered patent relative to the Idea.

You represent and warrant that your Idea is not subject to any confidentiality obligations or third party intellectual property encumbrances and that you own and control all of the rights to the Idea and have the authority to grant the rights to Starbucks that you grant herein.

By submitting your Idea, you grant Starbucks and its designees a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid up and royalty free license to use, sell, reproduce, prepare derivative works, combine with other works, alter, translate, distribute copies, display, perform, publish, license or sub-license the Idea and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Ideas for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. By submitting your Idea, you hereby release Starbucks and its agents and employees from any claims that such use violates any of your rights.

Starbucks shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, to any work it creates or has created from the Idea or a similar idea of its own.

Links to Sites

You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create text hyperlinks to the Sites for noncommercial purposes, provided such links do not portray Starbucks in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking site does not contain any obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. In addition, you may not use Starbucks' logo or other proprietary graphics to link to our Sites without our express written permission. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Starbucks trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at the Sites, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page on the Sites without our express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary right of Starbucks or any third party. Starbucks makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of websites linking to the Sites. Such sites are not under the control of Starbucks and Starbucks is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites.

Indemnification

The User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Starbucks, its parent, subsidiary and other affiliated companies, independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors (“Starbucks Indemnitees”) from any and all claims, suits, damages, costs, lawsuits, fines, penalties, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) (“Claims”) that arise from or relate to the User’s use or misuse of the Sites,(including Mobile Features), violation of these Terms, violation of any rights of a third party, any User Content or Ideas you provide, or your conduct in connection with the Sites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this indemnification provision shall not apply to any Claims caused by a Starbucks Indemnitee’s sole negligence. Starbucks reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the User, in which event the User will cooperate in asserting any available defenses.

Warranties; Disclaimers

STARBUCKS IS PROVIDING THE SITES TO THE USER “AS IS” AND THE USER IS USING THE SITES AT HIS OR HER OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, STARBUCKS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE SITES ARE MERCHANTABLE, RELIABLE, AVAILABLE, ACCURATE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NEED, NON-INFRINGING, FREE OF DEFECTS OR VIRUSES, ABLE TO OPERATE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED BASIS, THAT THE USE OF THE SITES BY THE USER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS APPLICABLE TO THE USER, THAT USER INFORMATION OR ORDERS TRANSMITTED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITES (INCLUDING AS PART OF MOBILE FEATURES) WILL BE SUCCESSFULLY, ACCURATELY, OR SECURELY TRANSMITTED OR RECEIVED, THAT ORDERS WILL BE AS PLACED OR READY AT THE SUGGESTED TIME, OR THAT ANY PARTICULAR ITEM ORDERED WILL BE AVAILABLE. THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION ON THE SITES MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NONE OF THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL APPLY TO WARRANTIES RELATED TO PERSONAL INJURY.

No Liability

SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS UNDER NEW JERSEY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL STARBUCKS OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS (A) BE LIABLE TO THE USER WITH RESPECT TO USE OF THE SITES, THE CONTENT OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION PARTICIPATION IN MOBILE FEATURES, THE CONTENT OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITES, OR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY A USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM STARBUCKS), OR ANY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO STARBUCKS' RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES; AND (B) BE LIABLE TO THE USER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, LOSS, THEFT OR CORRUPTION OF USER INFORMATION, PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITES OR ANY OF THEIR FEATURES OR DEVICE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. THE USER’S SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USE OF THE SITES OR TO CEASE PARTICIPATION IN MOBILE FEATURES.

IF YOU RESIDE IN A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN NEW JERSEY, YOUR JURISDICTION MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Third Party Content, Sites, Products and Services (including Advertising and Promotions)

Starbucks may provide third party content on the Sites (including embedded content) or links to third-party web pages, content, applications, products and services, including advertisements and promotions (collectively, “Third Party Content”) as a service to those interested in such services or information. We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content, including that the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by Starbucks of any site or any information contained therein, and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. You acknowledge and agree that Starbucks is not responsible or liable in any manner for any Third-Party Content or services provided by such third parties, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review such Third-Party Content. You agree to use such Third-Party Content or services contained therein at your own risk. When you use or visit other sites via Third-Party Content, or participate in promotions or business dealings with third parties, you should understand that our terms and policies no longer govern, and that the terms and policies of those third-party sites will now apply. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from our Sites. You must comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Sites.

Modifications to the Sites

Starbucks reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Sites or any features or portions thereof without prior notice. You agree that Starbucks will not be liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites or any part thereof.

Financial Material Disclosures

Forward-Looking Statements: The Sites, and any documents issued by Starbucks and available through the Sites, may contain statements which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks” or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as “will,” “should,” “could” or “may.” Forward-looking statements include statements made as to future operations, costs, capital expenditures, cash flow, product developments, operating efficiencies, sales and earnings estimates or trends and expansion plans, initiatives and projections. These forward-looking statements are based on our expectations as of the date such forward-looking statements are made and are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events or circumstances. Actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors including the risks detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the “Risk Factors” section of Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year ended. The company assumes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.

Press Releases: The information contained within press releases issued by Starbucks should not be deemed accurate or current except as of the date the release was posted. Starbucks specifically disclaims any duty to update, the information in the press releases. To the extent any information therein is forward-looking it is intended to fit within the safe harbor for forward-looking statements and is subject to material risk.

Third-Party Financial Information: As a service, Starbucks may provide links to third-party websites or services that contain financial or investment information about Starbucks. Starbucks neither regularly monitors nor has control over the content of third parties' statements or websites. Accordingly, Starbucks does not endorse or adopt, nor make any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the accuracy or completeness, of those websites or any information contained therein, including, without limitation, analysts' reports and stock quotes. Users visit these websites and use the information contained therein at their own risk.

Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver)

Please read this section carefully. It affects your legal rights. It provides for resolution of most disputes through individual arbitration instead of court trials and class actions. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court, uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and discovery is more limited. Arbitration is final and binding and subject to only very limited review by a court. This section also contains a jury trial waiver and a waiver of any and all rights to proceed in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general or representative action in arbitration, or litigation to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law.

Arbitration Agreement.

Binding Arbitration. This provision is intended to be interpreted broadly. Any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms, your use of the Sites, or your relationship with Starbucks or any past, present, or future subsidiary, parent or affiliate company or companies, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, (“Dispute”) will be resolved through binding individual arbitration, except that either of us may take a Dispute to small claims court so long as it isn’t removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. Dispute shall include, but not be limited to: (a) any dispute or claim that arose before the existence of these or any prior Terms (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); (b) any dispute or claim that is currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and (c) any dispute or claim that may arise after termination of these Terms. Dispute, however, does not include disagreements or claims concerning patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property. The arbitrator shall decide all issues except the following (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (a) issues that are reserved for a court in these Terms; (b) issues that relate to the scope, validity, and enforceability of the arbitration agreement, class action waiver, or any of the provisions of this Dispute Resolution section; and (c) issues that relate to the arbitrability of any Dispute. These Terms and this arbitration agreement do not prevent you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of any government agency. You and we agree that these Terms evidence a transaction in interstate commerce and that this arbitration agreement will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law.
Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process. You and we agree to work together in an effort to informally resolve any Dispute between us. The party initiating the Dispute must send the other a written notice of the Dispute that includes all of this information: (a) information sufficient to identify any transaction and account at issue; (b) contact information (including name, address, telephone number, and email address); and (c) a detailed description of the nature and basis of the Dispute and the relief sought, including a calculation for it. The notice must be personally signed by the party initiating the Dispute (and their counsel, if represented). If you have the Dispute with us, you must send this notice to our Customer Service department using the appropriate link at https://customerservice.starbucks.com/app/contact/ask/. If we have a Dispute with you, we will send this notice to the most recent contact information we have for you. For a period of 60 days from receipt of a completed notice (which can be extended by agreement of the parties), you and we agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to informally resolve the Dispute. The party receiving the notice may request a telephone settlement conference to aid in the resolution of the Dispute. If such a conference is requested, you and a Starbucks representative will personally attend (with counsel, if represented). The conference will be scheduled for a mutually convenient time, which may be outside of the 60-day period. Completion of this Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process (“Process”) is a condition precedent to initiating a claim in arbitration. If the sufficiency of a notice or compliance with this Process is at issue, such issue may be raised with and decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s election, and any arbitration shall be stayed. The court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees. Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with this Process in arbitration. All applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) will be tolled from the date of receipt of a completed notice through the conclusion of this Process. You or we may commence arbitration if the Dispute is not resolved through this Process.
Arbitration Procedures. The arbitration of any Dispute shall be administered by and conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), including the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable) (“AAA Rules”), as modified by this arbitration agreement. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org. You and we understand and agree that the AAA’s administrative determination that this arbitration agreement comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocols is final and that neither a court nor an arbitrator has the authority to revisit it. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement, the parties shall agree on an administrator that will do so. If the parties cannot agree, they shall petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an administrator that will do so. 
An arbitration demand must be accompanied by a certification of compliance with the Process and be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and counsel, if represented). By submitting an arbitration demand, the party and counsel represent that, as in court, that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b). The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and their counsel. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a phone, video, or in-person hearing, or through written submissions, except any Dispute seeking $25,000 or more, or injunctive relief, shall have an in-person or video hearing unless the parties agree otherwise. You and we reserve the right to request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and a Starbucks representative will personally appear at any hearing (with counsel, if represented). Any in-person hearing will be held in the county or parish in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or our individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, an arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. An arbitrator must follow and enforce these Terms as a court would. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized injunctive or declaratory relief and class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceedings are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), then such a claim or request for relief will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other claims and requests for relief are arbitrated. 

The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator shall apply the cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of an award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, except an award that has been satisfied may not be entered. An award shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding in which you are not a named party.

Costs of Arbitration. Payment of arbitration fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and fee schedule. You and we agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may elect to engage with the AAA regarding arbitration fees, and you and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) will work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties.
Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings. You and we agree that these Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings (in addition to the other provisions of this arbitration agreement) shall apply if you choose to participate in a Multiple Case Filing. If 25 or more similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Starbucks by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (“Multiple Case Filing”), the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated, and conserve the parties’ and the AAA’s resources.
If your claim is part of a Multiple Case Filing, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this provision.

STAGE ONE: If at least 100 Disputes are submitted as part of the Multiple Case Filing, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Starbucks shall each select 50 Disputes to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage One). Each of the 100 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global mediation session with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Starbucks shall pay the mediator’s fee.

STAGE TWO: If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Starbucks shall each select 100 Disputes per side to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 200 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two). No more than five cases may be assigned to a single arbitrator to proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings, the parties shall engage in a global mediation session of all remaining Disputes with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stages One and Two), and Starbucks shall pay the mediator’s fee.

Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel) or through another mutually-agreeable process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce the Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings, including the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees.

The Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings provision and each of its requirements are essential parts of this arbitration agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that the Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings apply to your Dispute and are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms.

Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement. If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our contact information), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address within 30 days of the change:

Starbucks Corporation
Law & Corporate Affairs
2401 Utah Ave S, MS:S-LA1, Seattle, WA 98134
Attention: Litigation Department
Such written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Starbucks in accordance with this version of the arbitration agreement.

Class Action Waiver and Jury Trial Waiver.

You and we each agree that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative action. You and we agree to waive any right to bring or to participate in such an action in arbitration or in court to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we waive the right to a jury trial. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms and use of the Sites are governed by the laws of the state of Washington, United States of America, without regard to Washington’s conflict of laws rules. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall have no applicability. If the arbitration agreement is ever deemed unenforceable or void, or a dispute between the parties is not subject to arbitration, the User irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in King County, Washington, United States of America, for purposes of any legal action arising out of or related to the use of the Sites or these Terms, and waives any objections as to personal jurisdiction or as to the laying of venue in such courts due to: (a) inconvenient forum or (b) any other basis or any right to seek to transfer or change venue of any such action to another court.

Termination

Notwithstanding any of these Terms, Starbucks reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Sites and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Sites. Starbucks’ failure or delay in taking such actions does not constitute a waiver of its rights to enforce these Terms.

Changes

Starbucks reserves the right to change or modify these Terms or any other Starbucks policies related to use of the Sites at any time and at its sole discretion by posting revisions on the Sites. Continued use of the Sites following such changes or modifications to the Terms or other Starbucks policies will constitute acceptance of such changes or modifications. If you do not agree to such changes or modifications, you should cease using the Sites immediately.

Severability and Survival

Except as otherwise provided herein, if any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

In addition to such other provisions hereof which, by their terms, survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following sections shall survive termination of these Terms: (a) Indemnification; (b) Warranties; Disclaimers; (c) No Liability; (d) Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver); and (e) Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

Notice to California Residents

Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California residents are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: the provider of the Sites is Starbucks Corporation, 2401 Utah Avenue South, Seattle WA 98134. To file a complaint regarding the Sites or to receive further information regarding use of the Sites, send a letter to the above address or contact Starbucks via e-mail (with “California Resident Request” as the Subject Line). You may also contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento CA 95834 or by telephone at 800.952.5210.

Contact

Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, any questions, complaints, or claims regarding the Sites should be directed to:

Starbucks Coffee Company
Customer Care (info@starbucks.com)
2401 Utah Ave. S
Seattle, WA 98134
Phone: 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282)
--
STARBUCKS REWARDS TERMS OF USE
Effective Date: July 1, 2024
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR PARTICIPATING IN THE STARBUCKS REWARDS PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR PARTICIPATE IN THE STARBUCKS REWARDS PROGRAM.

These Terms of Use include an arbitration agreement that governs any disputes between you and us. In arbitration, there is less discovery and appellate review than in court. This arbitration agreement and other provisions will:

eliminate your right to a trial by jury to the extent allowable under applicable law; and
substantially affect your rights, including preventing you from bringing, joining or participating in class or consolidated proceedings in arbitration and litigation.
You agree that we may provide updates, notices, disclosures and amendments to these Terms of Use, and other information relating to the Starbucks Rewards program by electronic means, including posting such information and materials online at https://www.starbucks.com.

Additional Terms
Changes To Terms
Personal Use
About Starbucks Rewards
Joining Starbucks
Earning Stars
Multiple Tender
Currency Exchange
Exclusions to Earning Stars; Participating Stores Only
Returns
Star Expiration
Redeeming Stars for Rewards
Star Redemption may vary; Participating stores only
Exclusions to Star Redemption
Additional Benefits
Arbitration
Governing Law
Severability


ADDITIONAL TERMS

These Terms of Use apply to your access to, and participation in, the Starbucks Rewards program in the United States ("Starbucks Rewards"), which is operated by Starbucks Corporation or its respective subsidiaries, licensees and affiliated companies (collectively, "Starbucks"). These Terms of Use do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Starbucks for other products or services, such as Starbucks Cards.

CHANGES TO TERMS

Starbucks reserves the right to change or modify these Terms of Use or any policy, FAQ, offer, promotion, benefit or guideline pertaining to Starbucks Rewards, in whole or in part, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately and may be posted to www.starbucks.com, so please check back from time to time. You waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications, and your continued access to or participation in Starbucks Rewards following any such changes or modifications confirms your acceptance. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must stop accessing and participating in Starbucks Rewards.

PERSONAL USE

Starbucks Rewards is intended for personal use only. Commercial use is prohibited. Starbucks Rewards is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may access and participate in Starbucks Rewards only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use.

Our Privacy Statement is incorporated into these Terms of Use and also governs your participation in Starbucks Rewards. Please read the Privacy Statement carefully to understand how Starbucks collects, uses and discloses information about customers, how to update or change your personal information, and how we communicate with you.

ABOUT STARBUCKS REWARDS

Starbucks Rewards is one way in which Starbucks endeavors to reward and thank loyal customers for patronizing our business and purchasing Starbucks products. Starbucks Rewards members are able to earn and accumulate "Stars" that can be redeemed for Starbucks Rewards benefits ("Rewards") at participating Starbucks stores. Unfortunately, not all Starbucks stores have the ability to award Stars or redeem Stars for Rewards at this time. To find the location nearest you that participates in Starbucks Rewards, visit the Starbucks Store Locator at https://www.starbucks.com/store-locator.

JOINING STARBUCKS REWARDS

To join Starbucks Rewards, go to www.starbucks.com/rewards or app.starbucks.com (“Websites”), or to the Starbucks mobile app (“App”) and follow the prompts to create an account. You will be required to provide the following information:

First and last name, email address and password.
Birthday (month, day) is optional to receive birthday offers. If you do not provide birthday information you will not receive your Birthday Reward.
When you join Starbucks Rewards, you automatically are provided with a digital Starbucks Card with a zero dollar ($0.00) balance. You can add funds to your digital Starbucks Card either online at www.starbucks.com/account, through the App, or in-person at a participating Starbucks store. You can also register a Starbucks Card eGift or a physical Starbucks gift card to your account by adding the 16 digit Starbucks Card number and security code. Starbucks Cards may include: physical Starbucks plastic cards that are available for sale from participating Starbucks stores and other retail locations (for example, gift card "malls" or kiosks); digital forms of physical Starbucks plastic cards; and Starbucks Card eGifts that can be purchased at www.starbucks.com/shop/card/egift. Multiple Starbucks Cards can be added for use in Starbucks Rewards, but you may have only one (1) account that is personal to you. All Starbucks Cards, including the one that is digitally provisioned, are subject to the Starbucks Card Terms & Conditions which are incorporated into these Terms of Use. For more information about Starbucks Cards, please visit www.starbucks.com/gift.

EARNING STARS

The Rewards that are available to you through Starbucks Rewards are based on the number of Stars that you earn. You can earn Stars by making purchases at participating Starbucks stores in the following ways:

Paying for your purchase with a Starbucks Card. When you pay with your digital Starbucks Card in the App, you will earn 2 (two) Stars for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar you spend at participating stores. You will also earn 2 Stars for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar spent when you a) pay in-person at a participating store with your registered physical Starbucks Card or b) scan the barcode in the App, and then use any physical Starbucks Card (regardless of whether it is registered) to complete the purchase. If you are a Starbucks partner (i.e., employee), you will earn 3 (three) Stars for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar spent using a Starbucks Card so long as you also have your "partner" Starbucks Card registered to your account and scan your barcode in the App or physical “partner” Card prior to your purchase.
Paying for your purchase with Linked Payment Method. You can link a credit card, debit card or mobile wallet to your account, and use it to pay directly for your order through the App. When you pay directly with a linked payment method, you will earn 1 (one) Star for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar you spend at participating stores. Starbucks may add or remove available payment methods at any time in its sole discretion. Starbucks partners will earn 2 (two) Stars for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar spent so long as they also have their "partner" Starbucks Card registered to their Starbucks Rewards account
Scanning your member barcode in the App and then paying with cash, credit card, debit card or mobile wallet. You can earn 1 (one) Star for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar you spend at participating Starbucks stores when you scan your member barcode in the App at the register prior to paying with cash, credit cards, debit cards, or mobile wallets. Starbucks partners will earn 2 (two) Stars for every $1 (one) U.S. Dollar spent so long as they also have their "partner" Starbucks Card registered to their Starbucks Rewards account and scan their barcode prior to purchase
Promotional Bonus Star Offers. From time to time, we, or others acting with our permission, may offer you opportunities to earn additional "Bonus Stars" through special promotions. These promotional Bonus Stars will be awarded as described in the applicable promotional offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth in such promotional offer. Offer(s) subject to change, and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without notice. Offers void where prohibited by law. Other restrictions may apply. 
Partnership Programs. Eligible customers may earn Stars through participation in programs offered by our business partners. Starbucks does not operate and is not responsible for these programs, which have separate and additional terms and conditions governing how Stars may be earned. Determinations of eligibility are made in Starbucks and its business partners’ sole discretion. Starbucks and its business partners reserve the right to review and investigate all offer activities, and to suspend accounts or remove Stars and any other promotional benefits for suspected abuse, violation of terms, or fraud.
Note that Stars may be earned in fractional amounts depending on the value of your purchase. Stars will not be earned on purchases made when checking out as a guest.

MULTIPLE TENDER

If you use more than one payment method in a single transaction, you will earn Stars based on the earn rate associated with each payment. For example, if your beverage is $6 and you pay $3 with your Starbucks Card and $3 with a credit card, you will earn a total of 9 Stars: 6 Stars for the amount paid with your Starbucks Card, and 3 Stars for the amount paid with your credit card. If members split a transaction, each member must scan their member barcode in the App immediately before making their payment in order to earn Stars for their respective purchase amount. 

CURRENCY EXCHANGE

If the address associated with your account is located in the United States, any qualifying purchase you make using a Starbucks Card registered to your account at participating Starbucks stores in Canada and Puerto Rico will earn Stars as if the currency were expressed in U.S. Dollars. No currency exchange is applied to the value of your purchase for the purpose of determining how many Stars you have earned.

EXCLUSIONS TO EARNING STARS; PARTICIPATING STORES ONLY

You may not earn Stars in connection with certain types of beta or promotional programs, or on purchases made with a Starbucks Store Credit card (defined below) purchases made when checking out as a guest, or other forms of service recovery coupons. Stars may be earned at participating Starbucks stores only, and certain stores only have the ability to award Stars for Starbucks Card transactions (not for cash, credit card, debit card or mobile wallet transactions). In addition, you cannot earn Stars on purchases of alcoholic beverages or on Starbucks Cards (such as activations, reloads, transfers, and other card-to-card transactions). Taxes, tips, donations, and fees, including without limitation, shipping and handling fees, gift wrapping fees, delivery fees, and bag fees, also may be excluded and ineligible for Star accrual.

RETURNS

For information about how Starbucks handles returns, please read our Return Policy. Your Star balance may be impacted by returns as follows:

If you void a purchase, Starbucks will deduct the Stars that you earned for that purchase, potentially resulting in a negative Star balance on your account.
If you return merchandise, packaged coffee, food or tea that you purchased with a Starbucks Card (note: an original receipt or gift receipt is required), your funds will be returned to you on a card with store credit (“Starbucks Store Credit card”), but Starbucks will not deduct any Stars from your account. Starbucks Store Credit cards may be used in participating Starbucks stores, but they are not Starbucks Cards. Purchases made with Starbucks Store Credit cards do not accrue Stars and cannot be registered or reloaded for additional value.
If you return products purchased with a credit card, debit card, mobile wallet or cash (note: an original receipt or gift receipt is required), Starbucks may deduct the Stars earned in connection with your purchase, potentially resulting in a negative Star balance. You may be required to provide the physical credit card, debit card, or mobile wallet in order for Starbucks to process the refund. 
STAR EXPIRATION

Unless otherwise noted, Stars are automatically added to your account within twenty-four (24) hours of your eligible purchase and expire six (6) months after the calendar month in which such Stars were earned. For example, if you earn Stars on December 15, 2020, they will expire on July 1, 2021. The oldest accrued Stars will be used first for redemptions. You can view and track your Star balance and available Rewards, as well as any additional benefits for which you are eligible as a Starbucks Rewards member, on https://app.starbucks.com or by using the App.

REDEEMING STARS FOR REWARDS

Stars may be redeemed for complimentary Starbucks items at participating Starbucks stores in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. Starbucks Rewards offers different Rewards based on different Star redemption tiers. Note that the Rewards available and Star redemption tiers may vary by location and by country, and that Starbucks may adjust the items included in each tier at any time in its sole discretion. The Star redemption tiers for redeeming Stars at participating Starbucks stores in the United States are as follows:

25 Stars may be redeemed for one (1) of the following beverage modifiers: an added espresso shot, added syrup or sauce (such as caramel syrup), or a dairy alternative option (such as soy milk, almondmilk, oatmilk or coconutmilk), valued up to $1 (one) U.S. Dollar. The beverage modifiers in this redemption tier are only available as a customization to your base beverage order and cannot be redeemed as a standalone beverage.
100 Stars may be redeemed for one (1) of the following items: hot brewed coffee or hot steeped tea, iced brewed coffee or iced brewed tea, OR a bakery item (such as a cake pop or cookie), OR a packaged snack (such as popcorn or potato chips) OR one (1) Cold Siren Logo Plastic To-Go Cup (24 oz only) or one (1) Siren Logo Plastic Hot Cup (16 oz only).  Clover brewed coffee, Starbucks Reserve coffee, packaged lunch items, and all other reusable cups and tumblers are excluded from this redemption tier.  All bakery items include a maximum of two (2) spreads (such as, for example, two cream cheese or butter packets).  Brewed tea includes a maximum of four (4) tea bags.
200 Stars may be redeemed for one (1) of the following items: any handcrafted beverage (such as a latte or Frappuccino® blended beverage) OR any hot breakfast item (such as a breakfast sandwich or oatmeal). All beverages must be standard menu-sized items.  All hot breakfast items include a maximum of two (2) toppings. 
300 Stars may be redeemed for one (1) packaged salad or lunch sandwich OR one (1) packaged protein box, OR one (1) packaged coffee item (such as whole bean coffee). Packaged coffee availability may vary by store location.
400 Stars may be redeemed for a select merchandise item with a value up to $20 (twenty) U.S. Dollars (pre-tax). Merchandise availability may vary by store location.
STAR REDEMPTION AVAILABILITY MAY VARY; PARTICIPATING STARBUCKS STORES ONLY

Not all Starbucks stores have the ability to honor Star redemption or provide Star redemption at multiple tiers. Additionally, the items available for redemption in each Star redemption tier may vary. Certain Starbucks stores (including some grocery and retail locations) may offer only the 200 Star redemption tier. At such locations, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, you will be eligible to redeem 200 Stars for one (1) handcrafted beverage OR one (1) food item only.

OTHER IMPORTANT STAR REDEMPTION INFORMATION AND EXCLUSIONS

Stars may be redeemed at participating Starbucks stores and are ineligible to be redeemed for the following items: alcoholic beverages; multi-serve food or beverage items (for example, a tray of Cranberry Bliss® Bars or a Coffee Traveler).

You cannot redeem multiple Star redemption tiers within a single beverage order. For example, you cannot redeem 50 Stars for a hot brewed coffee and 25 Stars for added syrup within a single beverage order.

If you redeem Stars at a participating Starbucks store outside of the United States, the Star redemption tiers applicable in the country in which such store is located will apply.

ADDITIONAL BENEFITS OF STARBUCKS REWARDS

As a Starbucks Rewards member, you may be eligible for the following additional benefits.:

Birthday Reward. On your birthday (as indicated in your Starbucks Rewards account), you will receive one (1) complimentary handcrafted beverage OR one (1) complimentary food item OR one (1) complimentary ready-to-drink bottled beverage ("Birthday Reward"). Your Birthday Reward may be redeemed at participating Starbucks stores only and excludes: multi-serve food or beverage items (for example, a tray of Cranberry Bliss® Bars or a Coffee Traveler); beverages that contain alcohol; merchandise and packaged coffee; and items available at Starbucks Roastery and Princi locations. To qualify for your Birthday Reward, you must join Starbucks Rewards at least seven (7) days prior to your birthday, provide your birthday in your account information, and make at least one Star-earning transaction prior to your birthday each year. Your Birthday Reward will be automatically added to your account on your birthday and is valid only on that date. You must scan the member barcode in the App or present your registered Starbucks Card in order to redeem your Birthday Reward. You can check to see if your Birthday Reward is available by accessing your account on www.starbucks.com/account or in the App.
Free refill(s) of hot or iced brewed coffee and tea. Starbucks Rewards members may receive free refills of hot or iced brewed coffee or tea during the same store visit at participating Starbucks stores. To be eligible for free refill(s) of hot or iced brewed coffee or tea, you must scan the member barcode in the App prior to purchasing your beverage and again when you request your refill or pay for your beverage using your registered Starbucks Card and scan the same card again when requesting your hot or iced brewed coffee or tea refill.
Early or extended access to certain promotions and offers. Starbucks may offer Starbucks Rewards members early or extended access to special menu items or discounts at participating stores. You may take part in these offers by paying with a Starbucks Card registered to your account or scanning the member barcode in the App prior to your purchase.
Personalized offers and coupons. Special offers may be distributed by email, through the App (including via push notifications), or by physical mail. You may be required to opt-in and activate special offers via the App or via email. In order to receive and activate personalized special offers distributed via email, you must opt-in to receive promotional and marketing offers from Starbucks and you may be required to provide a valid email, telephone and physical address. Special offers may be customized based on your purchase behaviors and preferences, and may include periodic discounts on food, beverages and merchandise, or the opportunity to earn Bonus Stars. Special offers may have certain restrictions, including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Special offers are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred. You may be required to scan your member barcode in the App or present or pay with your registered Starbucks Card in order to redeem special offers. Read each offer carefully for specific details, expiration dates, and limitations and restrictions. Starbucks reserves the right to change or suspend the personal offers and coupons in its discretion.
Double Star Day. Starbucks may offer Double Star Days, where you can earn twice the number of Stars for your purchase. Starbucks will notify you of a designated Double Star Day, which will be personalized and selected by Starbucks for you. You must download the Starbucks app OR opt-in to receive promotional and marketing emails from Starbucks in order to receive notice of a designated Double Star Day. You also may be required to "activate" your Double Star Day by clicking within the notification email or the notification within the App. Starbucks reserves the right to exclude certain products and merchandise from Double Star Day eligibility and to modify the Double Star Day benefit.
Reusable Cup Benefit. Starbucks may offer the opportunity to earn Bonus Stars when you bring a clean, reusable cup into participating stores and use it instead of a paper to-go cup when ordering a beverage in-store or for beverages ordered via Drive Thru or the Starbucks® app (“Reusable Cup Benefit”). The Reusable Cup Benefit may be redeemed a maximum of three (3) times per day and once per order. For example, if you bring in two reusable cups and order two handcrafted beverages in a single order, you will receive a maximum of one Bonus Star load. The Reusable Cup Benefit is not available for beverages served in Starbucks-provided “for here” mugs and glassware. To qualify for the Reusable Cup Benefit, members must remain “active” by making at least one (1) Star earning transaction within the prior two (2) years. Starbucks reserve the right to change or suspend the Reusable Cup Benefit in its discretion.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW

These Terms of Use complement and incorporate by reference the Starbucks Card Terms & Conditions. In the event of any conflict between the Starbucks Card Terms & Conditions and these Terms of Use, the Starbucks Card Terms & Conditions control.

There are no participation or membership fees associated with Starbucks Rewards. Stars accrued in connection with Starbucks Rewards are promotional, have no cash value and cannot be redeemed for cash. In addition, your redemption of Stars accrued in connection with Starbucks Rewards cannot be combined with any other offers or discounts, unless otherwise expressly indicated by Starbucks.

Your Stars, Rewards, registered Starbucks Cards, and Starbucks Rewards account are personal to you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with, family, friends or others, or used by you for any commercial purpose. You may have only one (1) Starbucks Rewards account that is personal to you.

Without notice to you, Starbucks reserves the right to suspend any Starbucks Card registered to your account and/or terminate your account and/or your participation in Starbucks Rewards if Starbucks determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated these Terms of Use or that the use of your Starbucks Rewards account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful. Starbucks may, in its sole discretion, suspend, cancel or combine Starbucks Rewards accounts that appear to be duplicative. In the event that your participation in Starbucks Rewards is terminated, all accrued Stars in your account are void.

Without notice to you, Starbucks also reserves the right to "unregister" and make ineligible for Starbucks Rewards any Starbucks Card or account that has been inactive for two (2) consecutive years. Inactivity is defined as no Stars earned during such two (2) consecutive year period. In the event that your Starbucks Card or account is unregistered or rendered inactive, all accrued Stars in your account are void.

Starbucks reserves the right to change, modify, discontinue or cancel Starbucks Rewards or any part of the Starbucks Rewards program, at any time and in its sole discretion, without notice to you.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION (INCLUDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT; CLASS ACTION WAIVER; JURY TRIAL WAIVER)

Please read this section carefully. It affects your legal rights. It provides for resolution of most disputes through individual arbitration instead of court trials and class actions. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court, uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and discovery is more limited. Arbitration is final and binding and subject to only very limited review by a court. This section also contains a jury trial waiver and a waiver of any and all rights to proceed in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general or representative action in arbitration, or litigation to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law.

Binding Arbitration. This provision is intended to be interpreted broadly. Any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, your access to or participation in Starbucks Rewards, or your relationship with Starbucks or any past, present, or future subsidiary, parent or affiliate company or companies, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory (“Dispute”), will be resolved through binding individual arbitration, except that either of us may take a Dispute to small claims court so long as it isn’t removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. Dispute shall include, but not be limited to: (a) any dispute or claim that arose before the existence of these or any prior Terms of Use (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); (b) any dispute or claim that is currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and (c) any dispute or claim that may arise after termination of these Terms of Use. Dispute, however, does not include disagreements or claims concerning patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property. The arbitrator shall decide all issues except the following (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (a) issues that are reserved for a court in these Terms of Use; (b) issues that relate to the scope, validity, and enforceability of the arbitration agreement, class action waiver, or any of the provisions of this Dispute Resolution section; and (c) issues that relate to the arbitrability of any Dispute. These Terms of Use and this arbitration agreement do not prevent you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of any government agency. You and we agree that these Terms of Use evidence a transaction in interstate commerce and that this arbitration agreement will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law.

Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process. You and we agree to work together in an effort to informally resolve any Dispute between us. The party initiating the Dispute must send the other a written notice of the Dispute that includes all of this information: (a) information sufficient to identify any transaction and account at issue; (b) contact information (including name, address, telephone number, and email address); and (c) a detailed description of the nature and basis of the Dispute and the relief sought, including a calculation for it. The notice must be personally signed by the party initiating the Dispute (and their counsel, if represented). If you have the Dispute with us, you must send this notice to our Customer Service department using the appropriate link at https://customerservice.starbucks.com/app/contact/ask/. If we have a Dispute with you, we will send this notice to the most recent contact information we have for you. For a period of 60 days from receipt of a completed notice (which can be extended by agreement of the parties), you and we agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to informally resolve the Dispute. The party receiving the notice may request a telephone settlement conference to aid in the resolution of the Dispute. If such a conference is requested, you and a Starbucks representative will personally attend (with counsel, if represented). The conference will be scheduled for a mutually convenient time, which may be outside of the 60-day period. Completion of this Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process (“Process”) is a condition precedent to initiating a claim in arbitration. If the sufficiency of a notice or compliance with this Process is at issue, such issue may be raised with and decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s election, and any arbitration shall be stayed. The court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees. Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with this Process in arbitration. All applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) will be tolled from the date of receipt of a completed notice through the conclusion of this Process. You or we may commence arbitration if the Dispute is not resolved through this Process.

Arbitration Procedures. The arbitration of any Dispute shall be administered by and conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable) (“AAA Rules”), as modified by this arbitration agreement. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org. You and we understand and agree that the AAA’s administrative determination that this arbitration agreement comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocols is final and that neither a court nor an arbitrator has the authority to revisit it. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement, the parties shall agree on an administrator that will do so. If the parties cannot agree, they shall petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an administrator that will do so.

An arbitration demand must be accompanied by a certification of compliance with the Process and be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and counsel, if represented). By submitting an arbitration demand, the party and counsel represent that, as in court, that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b). The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and their counsel. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a phone, video, or in-person hearing, or through written submissions, except any Dispute seeking $25,000 or more, or injunctive relief, shall have an in-person or video hearing unless the parties agree otherwise. You and we reserve the right to request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and a Starbucks representative will personally appear at any hearing (with counsel, if represented). Any in-person hearing will be held in the county or parish in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or our individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, an arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. An arbitrator must follow and enforce these Terms of Use as a court would. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized injunctive or declaratory relief and class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceedings are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), then such a claim or request for relief will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.

The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator shall apply the cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of an award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, except an award that has been satisfied may not be entered. An award shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding in which you are not a named party.
Costs of Arbitration. Payment of arbitration fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and fee schedule. You and we agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may elect to engage with the AAA regarding arbitration fees, and you and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) will work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties.

Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings. You and we agree that these Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings (in addition to the other provisions of this arbitration agreement) shall apply if you choose to participate in a Multiple Case Filing. If 25 or more similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Starbucks by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (“Multiple Case Filing”), the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated, and conserve the parties’ and the AAA’s resources.

If your claim is part of a Multiple Case Filing, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this provision.

STAGE ONE: If at least 100 Disputes are submitted as part of the Multiple Case Filing, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Starbucks shall each select 50 Disputes to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage One). Each of the 100 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global mediation session with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Starbucks shall pay the mediator’s fee.

STAGE TWO: If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Starbucks shall each select 100 Disputes per side to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 200 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two). No more than five cases may be assigned to a single arbitrator to proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings, the parties shall engage in a global mediation session of all remaining Disputes with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stages One and Two), and Starbucks shall pay the mediator’s fee.

Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel) or through another mutually-agreeable process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce the Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings, including the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees.

The Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings provision and each of its requirements are essential parts of this arbitration agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that the Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings apply to your Dispute and are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms of Use.

Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement. If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our contact information), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address within 30 days of the change:

Starbucks Corporation
Law & Corporate Affairs
2401 Utah Ave S, MS:S-LA1, Seattle, WA 98134
Attention: Litigation Department

Such written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Starbucks in accordance with this version of the arbitration agreement.

Class Action Waiver and Jury Trial Waiver 
You and we each agree that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative action. You and we agree to waive any right to bring or to participate in such an action in arbitration or in court to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we waive the right to a jury trial.


GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

These Terms of Use or your access to or participation in Starbucks Rewards are governed by the laws of the state of Washington, United States of America, without regard to Washington’s conflict of laws rules. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall have no applicability. If the arbitration agreement is ever deemed unenforceable or void, or a dispute between the parties is not subject to arbitration, you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in King County, Washington, United States of America, for purposes of any legal action arising out of or related to access to or participation in Starbucks Rewards or these Terms of Use, and waive any objections as to personal jurisdiction or as to the laying of venue in such courts due to: (a) inconvenient forum or (b) any other basis or any right to seek to transfer or change venue of any such action to another court.

SEVERABILITY AND SURVIVAL

Except as otherwise provided herein, if any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision or part of the provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

--
Starbucks Card Terms & Conditions

Effective July 24, 2023

This Starbucks Card Agreement ("Agreement") is between you and Starbucks Corporation ("we" or "us") and describes the terms and conditions that apply to your Starbucks Card. By buying, loading, or using your Starbucks Card, you agree to these terms.

This Agreement includes an arbitration agreement that governs any disputes between you and us. In arbitration, there is less discovery and appellate review than in court. This arbitration agreement and other provisions will:

Eliminate your right to a trial by jury to the extent allowable under applicable law; and
Substantially affect your rights, including preventing you from bringing, joining or participating in class or consolidated proceedings in arbitration and litigation.
You agree that we may provide notices, disclosures and amendments to this Agreement, and other information relating to your Starbucks Card, by electronic means, including by posting such materials and information online at https://www.starbucks.com/gift-cards/manage/card-terms-and-conditions.

About Your Account

We issue the Starbucks Card to you. It allows you to load a dollar value onto your Starbucks Card for use at participating Starbucks® stores. The dollar value that you load onto your Starbucks Card is a prepayment for the goods and services of participating stores. We offer the Starbucks Card to make it easier for you to shop with us and to make your relationship with us more rewarding. Unless otherwise required by law or permitted by this Agreement, the dollar value on your Starbucks Card is nonrefundable and may not be redeemed for cash. The value on your Starbucks Card is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), nor does it earn interest.

Most Starbucks stores in North America including Puerto Rico accept your Starbucks Card. Certain Starbucks-branded locations may not permit you to use the Starbucks Card for payment, including some airport, grocery and bookstore locations, or stores in Guam. To find out if a store will accept the Starbucks Card as a payment method, please inquire at that store or visit https://www.starbucks.com/store-locator. Any store that lists "Digital Rewards" as one of its amenities is a store that accepts the Starbucks Card.

Eligibility

Starbucks Cards are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only use Starbucks Cards under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.

When you register your Starbucks Cards with the Starbucks® Rewards program, the Starbucks® Rewards terms of use which can be found at https://www.starbucks.com/rewards/terms will also apply.

Loading Value on Your Card

In the United States and Canada, you can load value on your Starbucks Card by visiting any participating store, going online to https://www.starbucks.com/card, or by calling 1-800-STARBUC. There may be a delay from the time you pay the amount to be loaded onto your Starbucks Card and those funds being available for use.

You may not have more than $500 in value on any of your Starbucks Cards at any time, and no more than $2,000 may be associated with any one Starbucks Card in a single day. This means that the activity on any one of your Starbucks Cards cannot exceed $2,000 over the course of a day. The total value you may load onto all of your Starbucks Cards, together with the value of any new Starbucks Cards that you may purchase, may not exceed $10,000 on any given day. There is a minimum amount that you may load on any Starbucks Card at any given time, and that amount is typically $5. We may change any of these amounts at any time without notice to you.

If you use a credit or debit card to purchase or reload your Starbucks Card, prior to charging your credit or debit card, an authorization process will occur for the amount of your purchase or reload transaction ("Transaction"). The authorization process will validate the credit or debit card number, status, available credit or funds and billing information to ensure that it matches what the bank or card company has on file. Your bank or Starbucks may attempt to contact you for additional information prior to authorizing the Transaction amount.

For credit cards, once an authorization is received, you may notice a decrease in your available credit line. Your bank may hold this dollar amount from your credit line or available balance for a short period of time determined by the policy of your bank before your Transaction is fulfilled. For debit cards, your bank may pre-authorize a charge to your deposit or checking account and place a temporary hold on the funds before your Transaction is fulfilled. Regardless of whether you use a credit or debit card, your card will be charged only upon fulfillment of your Transaction. If your Transaction is cancelled, Starbucks will request an authorization reversal on your behalf. Reversal times may vary. We recommend contacting your bank or credit card company to learn about their authorization and authorization reversal policies.

All amounts loaded onto your Starbucks Card are denominated in the currency of the country in which it was sold (the "base currency"). Starbucks Cards purchased in the United States may also be used in Canada, England, Scotland, Wales, Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland, Mexico and Australia. When you make a purchase in a different country, the Transaction total is converted from the currency of that country (the "local currency") to the base currency and deducted from your Starbucks Card balance. No fees or other charges are made to your Starbucks Card for the currency conversion. However, note that your bank or card provider may charge you a separate fee if you are using a credit or debit card or other accepted payment method to load your Starbucks Card outside of the U.S. Starbucks does not receive any portion of, and does not have any control over, any such fee. Although the actual balance of your Starbucks Card is kept in the base currency, the balance shown on your receipt will be in the local currency of the store location. Transactions that occur on our website are denominated in U.S. dollars. Currency conversions are based on currency exchange rates applicable on the date of the Transaction.

You can reload your Starbucks Card in-store or, to make reloading your Starbucks Card easier, you can link a payment method to your Starbucks account (which you can access at https://www.starbucks.com/card) and reload either manually online when you choose or set up auto-reload. With automatic reload, you simply set the reload date or the balance at which you want to reload your Starbucks Card and provide us with payment information. We will send you an email confirming the automatic reload Transaction terms and bill your credit card or debit card according to the schedule and amount you have selected. We will also send you an email after each reload to let you know your Starbucks Card has been reloaded. You can change your reload preferences at any time, but changes may take up to twenty-four (24) hours to go into effect.

To discontinue the automatic reload feature, you must log-in to your Starbucks account at https://www.starbucks.com/card or call 1-800-STARBUC at least twenty-four (24) hours before the next scheduled reload. Once the dollar value is loaded, the Transaction cannot be reversed.

Use of Starbucks Cards by Businesses

There are unique requirements and restrictions on the use of Starbucks Cards by businesses such as the prohibitions against reselling Starbucks Cards and using Starbucks Cards to solicit new customers. Please see the details on our business-to-business site at http://starbuckscardb2b.com.

Starbucks eGift Card

The Starbucks eGift Card (also known as an "eGift") program allows you to purchase and send a virtual Starbucks Card via email, or via certain social media and messaging platforms. You may choose the design and dollar value (within certain limits) and complete your purchase using a credit card, debit card, or certain other electronic payment methods. You may choose when to have your eGift delivered the same day, provided that your form of payment is approved. You authorize us to charge your credit card, debit card or other chosen electronic payment method at the time you purchase your eGift regardless of the date you choose for delivery.

On the requested delivery date, we will send the recipient of your eGift an email notifying them that they have received an eGift from you. The recipient will have the option of adding the eGift to their Starbucks account, transferring the balance onto an existing Starbucks Card or printing out the eGift and bringing it into a Starbucks store to make a purchase. The recipient will also have the option to register the eGift for use with Starbucks mobile applications. We will also send you an email confirming receipt of your eGift when the recipient opens the eGift email. An eGift is like any other Starbucks Card and should be treated like cash by the recipient.

Each eGift has a unique Starbucks Card number associated with it no matter how many times the email is printed out. We will only give refunds for unused eGifts with the original receipt.

If you have any questions or concerns about the status of an eGift, please go online to https://starbucks.cashstar.com/self_service/v2/register or email us at StarbuckseGiftCardSupport@cashstar.com or call 1-800-782-7282.

Promotional Programs

From time to time, we may in our sole discretion, run promotional programs associated with the Starbucks Card program ("Promotions"). Such Promotions are subject to these terms, as well as additional terms as indicated in connection with the Promotions. We reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions of any Promotion at any time, including and up to terminating the Promotion.

Fees and Expiration of Card Balances

We do not charge any activation, service, dormancy or inactivity fees in connection with your Starbucks Card. Your Starbucks Card has no expiration date nor does the value on your Starbucks Card ever expire.

Starbucks Cards That Are Also Merchandise

Some Starbucks Cards are also merchandise or are bundled with merchandise, such that the purchase price of the bundled item is equal to the dollar value loaded onto the Starbucks Card plus the retail value of the merchandise component. Although the Starbucks Card component and the merchandise component must be purchased together for such items, to the extent that the components are separable, we may in our sole discretion allow returns of the merchandise component if you choose to keep only the Starbucks Card. In cases where the merchandise component is inseparable from the Starbucks Card, we may in our sole discretion allow you to return the item by issuing you a refund for the value of the merchandise component and a replacement Starbucks Card loaded with the original value of the Starbucks Card component. In either case, the requirements for returning the merchandise component are the same as the requirements for returns of other merchandise unless otherwise specified by us during your purchase of that merchandise.

Receipts and Transaction History

When you use your Starbucks Card, we will provide a receipt if you request one. The receipt will indicate that the purchase was made using a Starbucks Card and will provide the remaining balance of your Starbucks Card. Please check your online Transaction history regularly to ensure that your Transaction history and account balance are correct. You can check the balance of your Starbucks Card at https://www.starbucks.com/card and review recent Transactions on your Starbucks Card at https://app.starbucks.com/cards. The account balance for a Starbucks Card also will appear on your receipt from a point-of-sale register. We will not send you statements of activity on your Starbucks Card.

Billing Errors, Corrections

We will correct the balance of your Starbucks Card if we believe that a clerical, billing, or accounting error occurred. If you have questions regarding your Transaction history or any correction, or if you wish to dispute any Transaction or correction that has been applied to your Starbucks Card, please call Customer Service at 1-800-STARBUC. Assuming you provide sufficient details, we will review your claim and tell you what we find. We will correct any error promptly after we finish our review. If we do not find any error, we will explain what we found. We have no obligation to review or correct any billing error unless you provide us sufficient notice for us to review your claim within sixty (60) days of the date of the Transaction in question.

Fraud Associated with Your Starbucks Card or Card Balance

We will not accept any Starbucks Card, or will limit use of any Starbucks Card or Starbucks Card balance, if we reasonably believe that the use is unauthorized, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful, and we consider such action appropriate to limit our risk. Starbucks does not control who may sell preloaded Starbucks Cards, nor can we control the price or preloaded denominations offered by independent sellers. Consequently, Starbucks has no liability to you for any third-party fraud or unlawful activity associated with any Starbucks Card balance. If Starbucks discovers any Starbucks Card or Starbucks Card balance was sourced or derived from fraud or other unlawful means, we may in our sole discretion, cancel all impacted Starbucks Cards and retain all related Starbucks Card balances without notice to you. We may use retained Starbucks Card balances to help offset our liability to card companies, networks and issuers of lost or stolen credit and debit cards used to purchase or load Starbucks Cards.

Registration, Liability for Unauthorized Transactions

To register your Starbucks Card, visit https://app.starbucks.com/cards, click "Add” " and complete the online form. When registering or purchasing a Starbucks Card, you agree that you will: (i) provide complete and accurate information about yourself; and (ii) update such information if it changes. If you do not provide or update such information, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you have not provided or updated such information, we shall have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to disable your Starbucks Card. If you believe your Starbucks Card has been disabled in error, please call 1-800-STARBUC. You are responsible for: (a) the accuracy of all information that you provide to us; and (b) maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Starbucks Card information. All of your Starbucks Cards can be activated and registered for use in your Starbucks® Rewards account, but you may only maintain one (1) such account at any time.

You should treat your Starbucks Card like cash and not disclose your Starbucks Card information to anyone. If your Starbucks Card or Starbucks Card information is lost or stolen, anyone who obtains possession of either may use your Card. You are responsible for all transactions on your Starbucks Card, including unauthorized transactions. However, if your Starbucks Card is lost, stolen or destroyed, your Starbucks Card can be replaced with the balance remaining on it at the time you contact us, but only if you have previously registered it with us.

If your registered Starbucks Card becomes lost, stolen, or damaged, report it as soon as possible either online through your Starbucks account at https://app.starbucks.com/cards, or by calling 1-800-STARBUC. Your registered Starbucks Card balance is protected from the time you notify us. We will freeze the remaining balance on your Starbucks Card at the time you notify us and will load that remaining balance on a replacement Starbucks Card.

Privacy Statement
Please read Starbucks Privacy Policy at https://www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/online-policies/privacy-policy carefully to understand how Starbucks collects, uses, and discloses information about customers, how to update or change your personal information, and how we communicate with you.

Changes to This Agreement

We may amend this Agreement at any time. We will post the amended Agreement to our website at https://www.starbucks.com/gift-cards/manage/card-terms-and-conditions, and for a period of thirty (30) days after we post the amended Agreement, we will also post a notice on our website stating that the terms of this Agreement have changed. As permitted by applicable law, any change, addition or deletion will become effective at the time we post the revised Agreement to our website. Unless we state otherwise, the change, addition, or deletion will apply to your future and existing Starbucks Cards. You are deemed to accept the changes, additions or deletions if: (1) you do not notify us to the contrary in writing within 20 days of the date of our notice or such other time specified in the notice; or (2) you use any of your Starbucks Cards after such notice period. If you notify us that you do not accept the changes, additions or deletions, we will cancel your Starbucks Cards and refund any remaining balance to you.

Cancellation of This Agreement

We may suspend or terminate this Agreement and revoke or limit any or all of the rights and privileges granted to you at any time without notice or liability. Termination may result from your fraudulent or unauthorized use of the Starbucks Card including your failure to provide valid information. For example, transferring balances between different Starbucks Cards solely for the purpose of obtaining cash back is an unauthorized use of the Starbucks Card and if we deem it appropriate to limit our losses we will cancel any such Starbucks Card and retain any balances associated with those Starbucks Cards. If we terminate this Agreement without cause, we will refund or issue store credits equal to the balance on your cancelled Starbucks Card(s), less any amounts that you may owe us.

Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver)

Please read this section carefully. It affects your legal rights. It provides for resolution of most disputes through individual arbitration instead of court trials and class actions. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court, uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and discovery is more limited. Arbitration is final and binding and subject to only very limited review by a court. This section also contains a jury trial waiver and a waiver of any and all rights to proceed in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general or representative action in arbitration, or litigation to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law.

Arbitration Agreement

Binding Arbitration. This provision is intended to be interpreted broadly. Any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, your use of the Starbucks Card, or your relationship with Starbucks or any past, present, or future subsidiary, parent or affiliate company or companies, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, (“Dispute”) will be resolved through binding individual arbitration, except that either of us may take a Dispute to small claims court so long as it isn’t removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. Dispute shall include, but not be limited to: (a) any dispute or claim that arose before the existence of this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); (b) any dispute or claim that is currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and (c) any dispute or claim that may arise after termination of this Agreement. Dispute, however, does not include disagreements or claims concerning patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property. The arbitrator shall decide all issues except the following (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (a) issues that are reserved for a court in this Agreement; (b) issues that relate to the scope, validity, and enforceability of the arbitration agreement, class action waiver, or any of the provisions of this Dispute Resolution section; and (c) issues that relate to the arbitrability of any Dispute. This Agreement and this arbitration agreement do not prevent you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of any government agency. You and we agree that this Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and that this arbitration agreement will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law.

Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process. You and we agree to work together in an effort to informally resolve any Dispute between us. The party initiating the Dispute must send the other a written notice of the Dispute that includes all of this information: (a) information sufficient to identify any transaction and account at issue; (b) contact information (including name, address, telephone number, and email address); and (c) a detailed description of the nature and basis of the Dispute and the relief sought, including a calculation for it. The notice must be personally signed by the party initiating the Dispute (and their counsel, if represented). If you have the Dispute with us, you must send this notice to our Customer Service department using the appropriate link at https://customerservice.starbucks.com/app/contact/ask/. If we have a Dispute with you, we will send this notice to the most recent contact information we have for you. For a period of 60 days from receipt of a completed notice (which can be extended by agreement of the parties), you and we agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to informally resolve the Dispute. The party receiving the notice may request a telephone settlement conference to aid in the resolution of the Dispute. If such a conference is requested, you and a Starbucks representative will personally attend (with counsel, if represented). The conference will be scheduled for a mutually convenient time, which may be outside of the 60-day period. Completion of this Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process (“Process”) is a condition precedent to initiating a claim in arbitration. If the sufficiency of a notice or compliance with this Process is at issue, such issue may be raised with and decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s election, and any arbitration shall be stayed. The court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees. Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with this Process in arbitration. All applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) will be tolled from the date of receipt of a completed notice through the conclusion of this Process. You or we may commence arbitration if the Dispute is not resolved through this Process.

Arbitration Procedures. The arbitration of any Dispute shall be administered by and conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable)(“AAA Rules”), as modified by this arbitration agreement. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org/. You and we understand and agree that the AAA’s administrative determination that this arbitration agreement comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocols is final and that neither a court nor an arbitrator has the authority to revisit it. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement, the parties shall agree on an administrator that will do so. If the parties cannot agree, they shall petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an administrator that will do so.

An arbitration demand must be accompanied by a certification of compliance with the Process and be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and counsel, if represented). By submitting an arbitration demand, the party and counsel represent that, as in court, that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b). The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and their counsel. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a phone, video, or in-person hearing, or through written submissions, except any Dispute seeking $25,000 or more, or injunctive relief, shall have an in-person or video hearing unless the parties agree otherwise. You and we reserve the right to request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and a Starbucks representative will personally appear at any hearing (with counsel, if represented). Any in-person hearing will be held in the county or parish in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or our individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, an arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. An arbitrator must follow and enforce this Agreement as a court would. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized injunctive or declaratory relief and class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceedings are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), then such a claim or request for relief will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other claims and requests for relief are arbitrated. 
The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator shall apply the cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of an award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, except an award that has been satisfied may not be entered. An award shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding in which you are not a named party.
Costs of Arbitration. Payment of arbitration fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and fee schedule. You and we agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may elect to engage with the AAA regarding arbitration fees, and you and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) will work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties.

Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings. You and we agree that these Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings (in addition to the other provisions of this arbitration agreement) shall apply if you choose to participate in a Multiple Case Filing. If 25 or more similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Starbucks by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (“Multiple Case Filing”), the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated, and conserve the parties’ and the AAA’s resources.

If your claim is part of a Multiple Case Filing, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this provision.

STAGE ONE: If at least 100 Disputes are submitted as part of the Multiple Case Filing, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Starbucks shall each select 50 Disputes to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage One). Each of the 100 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global mediation session with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Starbucks shall pay the mediator’s fee.

STAGE TWO: If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Starbucks shall each select 100 Disputes per side to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 200 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two). No more than five cases may be assigned to a single arbitrator to proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings, the parties shall engage in a global mediation session of all remaining Disputes with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stages One and Two), and Starbucks shall pay the mediator’s fee.

Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel) or through another mutually-agreeable process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce the Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings, including the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees.

The Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings provision and each of its requirements are essential parts of this arbitration agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that the Additional Procedures for Multiple Case Filings apply to your Dispute and are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of this Agreement.

Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement. If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our contact information), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address within 30 days of the change:

Starbucks Corporation
Law & Corporate Affairs
2401 Utah Ave S, MS:S-LA1, Seattle, WA 98134
Attention: Litigation Department

Such written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Starbucks in accordance with this version of the arbitration agreement.

Class Action Waiver and Jury Trial Waiver. You and we each agree that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative action. You and we agree to waive any right to bring or to participate in such an action in arbitration or in court to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement. To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we waive the right to a jury trial.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Washington, United States of America, without regard to Washington’s conflict of laws rules. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall have no applicability. If the arbitration agreement is ever deemed unenforceable or void, or a Dispute between the parties is not subject to arbitration, you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in King County, Washington, United States of America, for purposes of any legal action arising out of or related to this Agreement, and waive any objections as to personal jurisdiction or as to the laying of venue in such courts due to: (a) inconvenient forum or (b) any other basis or any right to seek to transfer or change venue of any such action to another court.

Disclaimers and Limits of Liability

Starbucks and its affiliates make no representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, express or implied, with respect to the Starbucks Card, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement, or any warranty arising by usage of trade, course of dealing or course of performance. Starbucks does not represent or warrant that your Starbucks Cards will always be accessible or accepted.

In the event that Starbucks or its affiliates are found liable to you, you shall only be entitled to recover actual and direct damages and such damages shall not exceed the last balance held on your Starbucks Card. Starbucks and its affiliates shall have no liability for any incidental, indirect or consequential damages (including without limitation loss of profit, revenue or use), or any punitive or exemplary damages arising out of or in any way connected with this Agreement, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, even if we or our authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Starbucks or its affiliates have any liability for unauthorized access to, or alteration, theft or destruction of a Starbucks Card through accident, misuse or fraudulent means or devices by you or any third party, or as a result of any delay or mistake resulting from any circumstances beyond our control.

The laws of certain states or other jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have rights in addition to those contained in this Agreement. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.

Assignment

We may assign all or part of this Agreement without notice to you. We are then released from all liability. You may not assign this Agreement without our prior written consent and any attempted assignment will be void.

Entire Agreement, Construction

This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of agreement between you and Starbucks Corporation, and supersedes and merges all prior proposals and all other agreements governing your Starbucks Card (not including Starbucks Privacy Policy https://www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/online-policies/privacy-policy, the Starbucks.com Terms of Use https://www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/online-policies/terms-of-use or the Starbucks® Rewards Terms of Use https://www.starbucks.com/rewards/terms, as applicable). Except as otherwise provided herein, if any provision of this Agreement, shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

In addition to such other provisions hereof which, by their terms, survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following sections shall survive termination of this Agreement: (a) Disclaimers and Limits of Liability; (b) Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver); and (c) Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

Inquiries or Questions

If you have any questions regarding this Agreement or your Starbucks Card, please visit our website at https://www.starbucks.com or call us at 1-800-STARBUC.