Terms and Conditions

Welcome to this website ("Site"). This Site is operated by Ford Motor Company (hereinafter "Ford") and the content on the Site is owned by Ford or its affiliated companies and by affiliates and third parties that post on the Site through a license from Ford, but for whom Ford assumes no direct responsibility. Please read these terms and conditions and the Privacy Policy contained on the Site, as they, together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of the Site, constitute the entire agreement regarding the Site and set forth the legally binding terms governing your visit to this Site. These Terms and Conditions apply to all persons who visit this Site ("Visitors"), regardless of your level of participation. 

By using this Site you agree that you have read, understand and accept the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and the Privacy Policy, and you affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms and Conditions, and to abide by and comply with these Terms and Conditions. By using this Site, you also agree that you will not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or in contravention of these Terms and Conditions. Ford Motor Company and its affiliates reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time without notifying you. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using this Site. Continued use of the Site following the effective date any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of such changes. Ford may cease all or part of the Site at any time without notice and is not obligated to retain or return any post or comment. If you do not agree to any of these Terms and Conditions, or the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. 

United States Site and Pricing

Ford administers this Site from Michigan, United States of America and this Site is only intended for viewing in the United States. All materials and information contained on this Site apply to the United States market only. Ford makes no representation that the Site is appropriate or available for use outside the United States. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. You agree to comply with all export and re-export laws, restrictions and regulations of your government in connection with your use of the Site. 

All pricing is in U.S. dollars and the vehicles described are offered for sale in the U.S. only. This Site in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell vehicles from Ford or to provide financing or leasing. Ford makes reasonable efforts to ensure that the pricing and product information contained on this Site is correct. Prices, product specifications and all other information shown on this Site are for information purposes only, are subject to change at any time without obligation, may vary from region to region, and may not be completely up to date or accurate. Most pricing refers to MSRP. Unless otherwise indicated, MSRP is the manufacturer suggested retail price and excludes destination and delivery charges, any applicable taxes, any applicable fees, such as title and registration, or environmental charges or fees, any industry specific fee, any applicable consumer rebates or incentives, and the cost of any dealer added options. Optional equipment is not included unless specifically indicated. Any calculation of any price, tax, incentive, lease or finance terms is for your reference only, is an estimate, and may not be completely accurate. Individual dealers set the actual transaction price. Contact your selected dealer for the actual price of any vehicle and any applicable terms and conditions that may apply. The promotional programs and/or incentives offered on this Site are only available in the United States and may be limited to particular states and subject to restrictions and/or qualifications, as disclosed by the program. 

Depiction of Vehicles

Vehicles shown on this Site are for general illustration only. Vehicles shown are typically a sample vehicle only of the same model year. Details of a selected vehicle may vary from the vehicle shown depending on the features you choose. Vehicle availability may be limited.

Third Party Information such as Comparator Values

This Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Ford, including but not limited to links to websites for Ford dealers (Third Party Websites). Ford has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any Third Party Websites. In addition, Ford will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any Third Party Website. By clicking on links, you expressly relieve Ford from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Website, or from the content of any Third Party Website. When using a Third Party Website, you should be aware when you leave Ford's Site and read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Website that you visit.

On certain portions of this Site, you may have the opportunity to request information or a contact from your local dealer through various shopping tools. These shopping tools, which include Build and Price, Search Dealer Inventory, Request a Local Quote, and Trade-in Value, are owned and operated by Ford Direct, an independent company that assists our dealers. Information provided to Ford Direct is subject to Ford Direct's Privacy Policy and terms and conditions. 

Competitive Comparison data is provided by R. L. Polk & Company, is not the opinion of Ford, and is provided for information purposes only. Neither R. L. Polk & Company nor Ford make any warranty or guarantee of any kind regarding the comparator data, including as to currency, accuracy or completeness. Configured vehicles are compared to the same series vehicle chosen without additional options. All prices, specifications and equipment are subject to change without notice.

Limited Licenses

Copyright 2010, Ford Motor Company. All rights reserved. This Site, including all materials, is protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions whether or not a copyright notice is present on the materials. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds and other materials on this Site are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Ford, its affiliated companies and its licensors. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the materials. Except as expressly provided herein, Ford does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks or copyrights.

Subject to your continued compliance with these terms and conditions, Ford grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display and listen to this Site and the information, images, sounds and text ("materials") thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Site in any way. You agree not to dispute Ford's claims of ownership or validity of its rights in the materials on this Site.

Ford authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Site only for your personal, non-commercial use. Ford may suspend or terminate this authorization at any time for any reason. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the materials and copies of the materials and is subject to the following restrictions:


you must retain, on all copies of the materials downloaded, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials;
you may not modify the materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, distribute, or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose;
you must not transfer the materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, the obligations arising under these terms and conditions of use.


Linking, crawling and archiving

If you would like to link to this Site, you must comply with the following guidelines:

do not incorporate any content from this Site into your site (e.g., by in-lining, framing or creating other browser or border environments around the website content). You may only link to, not replicate, the Site content;
you may not use any Ford trademarks, logos, designs or service marks in your links;
you may not create the appearance of a relationship or affiliation with Ford; and
your site may not contain offensive, distasteful, illegal or inappropriate content.

If you would like to use a web crawler or other search tool to gather information from the Site, you must comply with the provisions of the robots.txt file of the site and you may not circumvent CAPTCHA or other security measures.

Other Conditions/Restrictions

CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY ANY INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE, TAMPER WITH THE SUBMISSION PROCESS, OR OTHERWISE UNDERMINE FORD’S LEGITIMATE BUSINESS OPERATIONS MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, FORD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO COOPERATE IN THE PROSECUTION OF ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL(S) AND TO PURSUE ALL REMEDIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

This Site is intended as a resource and discussion forum for people interested in Ford Motor Company vehicles, projects and initiatives. Unfortunately, this isn’t the place to address warranty or customer service questions or concerns or products sold by Ford Motor Company. If you have a question about a Ford Motor Company product, please contact Ford's Customer Relationship Center calling 1 800-392-3673 in the United States or 1 800-565-3673 in Canada during normal business hours.

Trademark Notice

The Ford name, and all trademarks and logos displayed on this Site are owned or used under license by Ford. These trademarks include, but are not limited to, product brand names (e.g., Ford, Lincoln, Motorcraft®), vehicle model names (e.g., Mustang, Taurus, Explorer, F-150, Focus), slogans (e.g.,Built Ford Tough), and logos and emblems. The unauthorized use of any trademark displayed on this Site is strictly prohibited.

Changes to the Site

Ford and its affiliates reserve the right to change, modify, suspend, discontinue or permanently cancel this Site's operation or portions thereof without any notice to you, including but not limited to product specifications or prices, at any time and from time to time without notice and without incurring any obligations. Your use of this Site after any changes are posted will be considered acceptance of such changes.

Privacy

For an explanation of Ford's policies and practices regarding information that we may collect from you in connection with your use of this Site, you should review Ford's Privacy Policy the terms of which are incorporated herein. By using this Site, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy and you will be bound by the terms of such Privacy Policy.

Indemnity and Hold Harmless 

By using this Site you agree that you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Ford and its subsidiaries and affiliates, their respective distributors, dealers, dealer associations and advertising and promotions agencies, together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of this Site, your breach or alleged breach of these Terms and Conditions, and/or your breach or alleged violation of the patent, copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties. Ford reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and, in such case, you shall agree to cooperate with Ford's defense of such claim. 

Designated Agent for Copyright Notification

If you believe that any content on this Site infringes your copyright rights, please contact Ford's designated agent for receiving such notifications in writing as follows:
DMCA Agent
Ford Motor Company
One American Road, 4th Floor
Dearborn, Michigan 48126
Email address: DMCA@ford.com
Phone number: (313) 323-2875

In your communication, please include:


Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the copyrighted work you claim to have been infringed, or, if there are multiple copyrighted works, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you or the law.
A statement that the information your notification is accurate.

If the communication is submitted by someone on your behalf, the communication must also contain a statement that, under penalty of perjury, the submitter is authorized to act on your behalf.

Disclaimer

Ford may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions from time to time. NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY ONLY TO THIS SITE, OTHER WEBSITES PROVIDED BY FORD OR ITS AFFILIATES MAY HAVE DIFFERENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO THE USE OF THOSE SITES. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR READING AND UNDERSTANDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THOSE SITES.

This Site and all the information it contains is provided for information purposes only on an "as is" basis and could include technical, typographical or other errors. In certain areas, the information provided may represent an opinion or judgment. Ford, information providers and their agents make no warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to, accuracy, currency, or completeness, the operation of the Site, the information, materials, content, availability, and products. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Ford disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Ford is not responsible for the content of any Site linked to this Site and is not directly or indirectly implying any approval, endorsement or affiliation with any linked Site.

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FORD'S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF. FORD, ITS INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND THEIR AGENTS, MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEB SITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEB SITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEB SITE BY ANY THIRD-PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEB SITE. FORD DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD-PARTY THROUGH THE WEB SITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEB SITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND FORD WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NEITHER FORD, INFORMATION PROVIDERS OR THEIR AGENTS ARE PROVIDING ANY LEGAL, TAX, MEDICAL, COUNSELING, ACCOUNTING, INVESTMENT, FINANCIAL OR ANY OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OR ADVICE.

Miscellaneous

These Terms and Conditions together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of this Site constitute the entire agreement regarding the Site and any services, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, whether electronic, oral or written between you and us with respect to the Site or the services provided on the Site. The Site is operated from Ford's offices in the United States of America. These terms and conditions are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan, regardless of principles of conflicts of laws that may require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. If a court determines that any term or condition in these Terms and Conditions is illegal or unenforceable, then such term will be eliminated and the remaining terms and conditions will remain in force and effect. Ford's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions remain in full force and effect. All lawsuits arising from or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be brought in the Federal or State courts located in Wayne County, Michigan, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts for such purpose.

Effective Date: March 3, 2011

Social User Content Terms & Conditions

Materials Release
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and efficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, I hereby agree as follows:

 

1.	I hereby grant GTB Agency, LLC (“Agency”), and its client Ford Motor Company (“Client”), the irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use the materials described above (collectively, the “Materials”) in and/or in connection with the advertising and promotion of Client’s products and services (the “Products”), whether used alone, in combination with other materials and/or incorporated into any manner and type of materials (in whole or in part), including, without limitation, any and all promotional, marketing and/or advertising materials (collectively, the “Content”), for the purpose of advertising, trade, marketing, merchandising, publicity, promotion, research, and/or any other lawful purpose, for and in connection with Client and/or the Products, in any and all manners and media now known and/or hereafter devised, throughout the universe, at any time, in perpetuity, without any further compensation to me whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, I further acknowledge and agree that the Materials shall also include any and all material that I may create, write, provide and/or contribute, as well as any of my statements, opinions, and/or testimonials (as edited, paraphrased, amplified, shorted and/or put in conversational form) that I may provide to Agency and/or Client in connection with the Content. As used herein, “Agency” and “Client” shall include Agency and Client, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, representatives, successors, licensees and assigns. I agree that Agency and Client may license, assign, and otherwise transfer this Materials Release and all rights granted by me hereunder to any person or entity.

 

2.	Without limiting the generality of anything set forth in this Materials Release, I further acknowledge and agree that the Content and/or any other results and proceeds of any taping, filming, photography and/or recordings shall be the exclusive property of Client, provided, however, that this Materials Release shall in no way effect my separate and continued copyright ownership of the Materials. I hereby waive any right that I may have to inspect and/or approve the finished Content, including, but not limited to, the copy that may be used in connection therewith, and/or the use to which the Content may be applied. I acknowledge and agree that nothing herein will constitute any obligation on the part of Agency and/or Client to make any use of any of the rights granted herein, including, without limitation, any obligation whatsoever to use the Materials.

 

3.	I represent and warrant that (a) I am the sole owner of the Materials, and I have the full right to enter into this Materials Release and to grant Agency and Client the rights granted herein, (b) the consent of no other person or entity is required for Agency and Client’s use of the Materials as contemplated hereunder, (c) the Materials, and Agency and Client’s use thereof, shall not infringe, misappropriate and/or violate the intellectual property, proprietary or any other rights of a third party, and (d) I am 18 years of age or older, or, If I am not at least 18 years of age, I agree to have my parent sign this Materials Release in the space below.

 

4.	I hereby release, discharge, and hold harmless Agency, Client, and each of their respective parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies, and the officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, successors, assigns and licensees of each of the foregoing (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all liability, claims or demands that I have or might have by virtue of or arising out of the use of the Materials, the production, exhibition, distribution, exploitation, promotion and/or advertising of the Content (and/or any portion thereof, including, without limitation, Materials contained therein or used in connection therewith), including without limitation, any claim for infringement of intellectual property rights. In addition, I agree to indemnify the Released Parties, and to hold each of them harmless, from any and all liability, claims, actions, damages, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) and losses of any kind caused by or arising out of any actual or alleged breach by me of any of the representation, warranties, covenants and/or obligations made by me under this Materials Release.

 

5.	I agree to respect the confidentiality of any campaign of Client in connection with Client’s Products (including, without limitation, any Content produced in connection therewith), and I agree not to disclose to any third party, including the press and other media, any aspect of Client’s promotion, or the Content of any advertising, marketing or other campaign initiated for or on behalf of Client without Client’s prior written approval. This Materials Release contains the entire understanding between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings. No waiver, modification or additions to this Materials Release shall be valid unless in witting and signed by the parties hereto. I understand that Agency and Client are relying on this Materials Release at substantial cost and therefore is irrevocable. This Materials Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan. 

Disclosures

Note.
Information is provided on an "as is" basis and could include technical, typographical or other errors. Ford makes no warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to, accuracy, currency, or completeness, the operation of the Site, the information, materials, content, availability, and products. Ford reserves the right to change product specifications, pricing and equipment at any time without incurring obligations. Your Ford dealer is the best source of the most up-to-date information on Ford vehicles.

1.
Current Manufacturer Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) for base vehicle. Excludes destination/delivery fee plus government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer processing charge, any electronic filing charge, and any emission testing charge. Optional equipment not included. Starting A, Z and X Plan price is for qualified, eligible customers and excludes document fee, destination/delivery charge, taxes, title and registration. Not all vehicles qualify for A, Z or X Plan.

2.
EPA-estimated city/hwy mpg for the model indicated. See fueleconomy.gov for fuel economy of other engine/transmission combinations. Actual mileage will vary. On plug-in hybrid models and electric models, fuel economy is stated in MPGe. MPGe is the EPA equivalent measure of gasoline fuel efficiency for electric mode operation.

5.
FordPass Connect (optional on select vehicles), the FordPass App; and complimentary Connected Service are required for remote features (see FordPass Terms for details). Connected service and features depend on compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features. Connected service excludes WiFi hotspot.

6.
Special APR offers applied to Estimated Selling Price. Special APR offers require Ford Credit Financing. Not all buyers will qualify. See dealer for qualifications and complete details.

7.
Special Lease offers applied to Estimated Capitalized Cost. Special Lease offers require Ford Credit Financing. Not all buyers will qualify. See dealer for qualifications and complete details.

8.
Current price for “as shown” vehicle excludes destination/delivery fee plus government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer processing charge, any electronic filing charge, and any emission testing charge. Does not include A, Z or X Plan price. All Mustang Shelby GT350, Shelby GT350R and Shelby GT500 prices exclude gas guzzler tax.

9.
Wi-Fi hotspot includes complimentary wireless data trial that begins upon AT&T activation and expires at the end of 3 months or when 3GB of data is used, whichever comes first. To activate, go to www.att.com/ford.

10.
Driver-assist features are supplemental and do not replace the driver's attention, judgment and need to control the vehicle. It does not replace safe driving. See Owner's Manual for details and limitations.

11.
Connected Navigation:

Navigation services require SYNC®4 and FordPass Connect (optional on select vehicles), complimentary Connected Service and the FordPass app (see FordPass Terms for details). Eligible vehicles receive a complimentary 90-day trial of navigation services that begins on the new vehicle warranty start date. Customers must unlock the navigation service trial by activating the eligible vehicle with a FordPass member account. Annual service contract is required for connected navigation services.

Connected service and features depend on compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features.

FordPass App, compatible with select smartphone platforms, is available via a download. Message and data rates may apply.

12.
Services require SYNC®4 or newer, activation through FordPass® App (subject to FordPass Terms), modem activation, and a Connected Navigation Service Plan. Equipped vehicles come with either a 90-day or up to 3-year Connected Navigation trial from new vehicle warranty start date, after which purchase is required. Connected Service and features depend on compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features.

13.
Estimated Net Price is the Total Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price ("Total MSRP") minus any available offers and/or incentives. Incentives may vary. Excludes taxes, title, and registration fees. For authenticated AXZ Plan customers, the price displayed may represent Plan pricing. Not all AXZ Plan customers will qualify for the Plan pricing shown and not all offers or incentives are available to AXZ Plan customers.

14.
The "estimated selling price" is for estimation purposes only and the figures presented do not represent an offer that can be accepted by you. See your local dealer for vehicle availability and actual price. The Estimated Selling Price shown is the Base MSRP plus destination charges and total of options, but does not include service contracts, insurance or any outstanding prior credit balance. Does not include tax, title or registration fees. It also includes the acquisition fee. For Commercial Lease product, upfit amounts are included.

The "estimated capitalized cost" is for estimation purposes only and the figures presented do not represent an offer that can be accepted by you. See your local dealer for vehicle availability, actual price, and financing options. Estimated Capitalized Cost shown is the Base MSRP plus destination charges and total of options, but does not include service contracts, insurance or any outstanding prior credit balance. Does not include tax, title or registration fees. It also includes the acquisition fee. For Commercial Lease product, upfit amounts are included.

16.
The "amount financed" is for estimation purposes only and the figures presented do not represent an offer that can be accepted by you. See your local dealer for vehicle availability, actual price, and financing options. Estimated Amount Financed is the amount used to determine the Estimated Monthly Payment. It is equal to the Estimated Selling Price of the vehicle less Down Payment, Available Incentives and Net Trade-in Amount.

The "adjusted capitalized cost" is for estimation purposes only and the figures presented do not represent an offer that can be accepted by you. See your local dealer for vehicle availability, actual price, and financing options. Estimated Adjusted Capitalized Cost is the amount used to determine the Estimated Monthly Payment. It is equal to the Estimated Capitalized Cost less Down Payment, Available Incentives, and Net Trade-in Amount.

17.
Dealer Accessories are defined as items that do not appear on the factory window sticker that are installed by a Ford or Lincoln Dealers. Actual Prices for all accessories may vary and depend upon your dealer. Prices DO NOT include installation or painting, which may be required for particular items. Please check with your authorized dealer for complete pricing accuracy for all accessories and parts.

Genuine Ford Accessories will be warranted for whichever provides you the greatest benefit: 12 months or 12,000 miles (whichever occurs first) or the remainder of your Bumper-to-Bumper 3-year/36,000-mile New Vehicles Warranty. Contact your local Ford, Lincoln or Mercury dealer for details and a copy of the limited warranty.

Ford Licensed Accessories (FLA) are warranted by the accessories manufacturer's warranty. Contact your Ford, Lincoln or Mercury Dealer for details regarding the manufacturer's limited warranty and/or a copy of the FLA product limited warranty offered by the accessory manufacturer.

Most Ford Racing Performance Parts are sold with no warranty. Ford Racing Performance Parts are sold "As Is", "With All Faults", "As They Stand" and without any express warranty whatsoever, unless otherwise expressly designated herein. To determine which parts come with a warranty from the original manufacturer, or from Ford Racing, please contact the Ford Racing Techline at (800) FORD788.

18.
The “Trade-In Value” of your vehicle is an estimate, only, and many factors that cannot be assessed without a physical inspection of the vehicle may affect actual value. For purposes of this website, we use the services of a third-party vendor to provide Trade-In Value calculations. While we believe this information is reliable, we are not responsible for and do not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of the information. Please see your local Ford dealer for information regarding actual trade-in availability and value.

27.
Don’t drive while distracted or while using handheld devices. Use voice-operated systems when possible. Some features may be locked out while the vehicle is in gear. Not all features are compatible with all phones.

28.
The vehicle's electrical system (including the battery), the wireless service provider's signal and a connected mobile phone must all be available and operating for 911 Assist to function properly. These systems may become damaged in a crash. The paired mobile phone must be connected to SYNC, and the 911 Assist feature enabled, in order for 911 to be dialed. When the feature is ON, 911 Assist uses your paired and connected mobile phone to assist occupants to contact emergency services by dialing 911 if your airbag deploys or, on certain vehicles, if the emergency fuel pump shut-off is activated. Aftermarket on-board diagnostic devices may interfere with various vehicle systems including Vehicle Health Report and 911 Assist. To avoid interference, remove the device or contact the device maker for more information on compatibility.

29.
Alexa Built-in Ford Power-Up:

Available first half of 2022. Access to Alexa requires an Amazon account, SYNC® 4, FordPass Connect, and complimentary Connected Service activated through the FordPass App (see FordPass Terms for details). Eligible 2021 and 2022 vehicles will receive three years of complimentary access to Alexa Built-in (excludes streaming media services) from date Ford Power-Up is complete, after which fees may apply. See your Ford account for information. Connected Service and features depend on compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features. Amazon, Alexa and all related marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. FordPass App, compatible with select smartphone platforms, is available via a download. Message and data rates may apply.

30.
Alexa Built-in In-Plant:

Access to Alexa requires an Amazon account, SYNC 4®, FordPass Connect, and complimentary Connected Service activated through the FordPass App (see FordPass Terms for details). Eligible 2022 Ford vehicles receive three years of complimentary access to Alexa Built-in and 30-days of complimentary streaming media services that begin on the new vehicle warranty start date, after which fees apply. See your Ford account for information. Connected Service and features depend on compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features. Amazon, Alexa and all related marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. FordPass App, compatible with select smartphone platforms, is available via a download. Message and data rates may apply.

31.
Eligible 2024 model-year vehicles receive three- years of complimentary access to Alexa Built-in connected service plan which begins on the New Vehicle Warranty start date. Access to Alexa Built-in requires an Amazon Account, SYNC® 4 Technology with enhanced voice recognition (available on select vehicles) FordPass® Connect, activated through the FordPass® App (see FordPass Terms for details). Some Alexa Built-in features require Ford Premium Connectivity service plan or Wi-Fi® network. One-year complimentary service of Ford Premium Connectivity begins on the New Vehicle Warranty start date. Connected service and features depend on compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features.

34.
Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial subscription period unless you decide to continue service. Trial is non-transferable. If you do not wish to enjoy your trial, you can cancel by calling the number below. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service subject to the SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy, visit siriusxm.com for complete terms and how to cancel which includes online methods or calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services and features are subject to device capabilities and location availability. Satellite service not available in AK & HI. Content varies by SiriusXM subscription plan. All fees, content and features are subject to change. SiriusXM and related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective subsidiaries.

35.
All SiriusXM services require a subscription. Service subject to the SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy, visit www.siriusxm.com to see complete terms and how to cancel which includes calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services, content and features are subject to device capabilities, an active data connection enabled in the vehicle and location availability. All fees, content and features are subject to change. Content varies by subscription plan. SiriusXM and related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective subsidiaries.

36.
Certain features and/or content may not be available unless an active data connection is enabled in the vehicle. Content varies by SiriusXM subscription plan. Some features may not be available while driving.

39.
Remember that even advanced technology cannot overcome the laws of physics. It's always possible to lose control of a vehicle due to inappropriate driver input for the conditions.

63.
Commands may vary by phone and AppLink software.

68.
Horsepower and torque ratings based on premium fuel per SAE J1349® standard. Your results may vary.

69.
Hybrid (Powersplit & MHT, 20MY+): Calculated via combined performance of the engine and electric motor(s) with peak battery power. The calculations utilize SAE J1349® engine results and Ford electric motor dyno testing. Your results may vary.

70.
Battery Electric (eMotor only): Calculated via peak performance of the electric motor(s) at peak battery power. Your results may vary.

127.
Available Feature. Equipped Ford vehicles come with either a complimentary trial period or an included duration, after which purchase of a BlueCruise subscription is required. Modem activation is required for subscription purchase and for initial activation of BlueCruise (for pre-2024 model year vehicles). See ford.com/bluecruise for details. BlueCruise is a driver-assist feature and does not replace safe driving or driver’s attention, judgment or need to control the vehicle. Only remove hands in a Hands-Free Blue Zone. Always watch the road and be prepared to resume control. See Owner’s Manual for details and limitations.

161.
Requires phone with active data service and compatible software. SYNC 3/SYNC 4 does not control 3rd party products while in use. 3rd Parties are solely responsible for their respective functionality.

Compatible Android phone and compatible active data plan required.

164.
FordPass, compatible with select smartphone platforms, is available via a download. Message and data rates may apply.

166.
Roadside Assistance is included for certain owners and available to everyone for a per-service fee. Ford reserves the right to change program details without obligations. Ford Roadside Assistance is a complimentary offering to all Ford owners for up to 5 years or 60,000 miles (from the date of sale), whichever occurs first. EV Owners: Beyond 35 miles, your vehicle will be taken to the closest public charger or EV Certified Ford Dealer.

167.
Ford EVs with single onboard chargers (like the Mustang Mach-E, E-Transit Standard Range and all-electric F-150 Standard Range) get maximum home charging speeds with the 48Amp Ford Connected Charge Station. Home charging refers to AC charging. https://afdc.energy.gov/fuels/electricity_charging_home.html

169.
FordPass Park is available in select cities.

170.
Lightning Standard-Range Battery: 2021 F-150 BEV with the standard-range battery has a estimated EPA-estimated range of 230 (370 km) miles. Based on full charge. USA EPA-estimated range reflecting current status based on analytical projection consistent with US EPA combined drive cycle. Actual range varies with conditions such as external environment, vehicle use, vehicle maintenance, lithium-ion battery age and state of health. Final EPA-estimated ratings available in 2022 calendar year.

171.
Based on full charge. Actual range varies with conditions such as external environment, vehicle use, vehicle maintenance, lithium-ion battery age and state of health.

172.
Closed track. Line-lock is intended for track use only. It should not be used on public roads. See Owner’s Manual for information on use.

173.
Prices may vary depending on form of payment.

174.
Based on active charging stations in OCPI data from Ford’s CMS partners, generated between 9/1/2024 and 10/11/2024. Numbers subject to change. FordPass® App, compatible with select smartphone platforms, is available via download. Message and data rates may apply.

176.
Please consult with your own tax or legal professional to determine eligibility, specific amount of incentives or rebates available. The amount of your tax savings will depend on your individual tax circumstances. The Inflation Reduction Act, effective as of August 16, 2022 and pending further IRS guidance, introduces additional requirements for federal tax credit eligibility. This information does not constitute tax or legal advice.

177.
Reservation does not guarantee vehicle delivery nor priority for ordering a vehicle. See Reservation Terms and Conditions for important details.

178.
Range and charge time based on manufacturer computer engineering simulations and EPA-estimated range calculation methodology. The charging rate decreases as battery reaches full capacity. Your results may vary based on peak charging times and battery state of charge. Actual vehicle range varies with conditions such as external elements, driving behaviors, vehicle maintenance, and lithium-ion battery age.

179.
Lightning Extended Range Battery: The 2021 Ford F-150 BEV with the extended-range battery has a estimated EPA-estimated range of 300 miles (483 km). *

*Excludes Platinum models. Based on full charge. USA EPA-estimated range reflecting current status based on analytical projection consistent with US EPA combined drive cycle. Actual range varies with conditions such as external environment, vehicle use, vehicle maintenance, lithium-ion battery age and state of health. Final EPA-estimated ratings available in 2022 calendar year.

180.
Effectiveness of cabin conditioning may be reduced by extreme outside temperatures.

181.
Based on manufacturer calculation using computer engineering simulations.  Your results may vary.

182.
Estimated Average additional range. Range and charge time based on manufacturer computer engineering simulations and EPA-estimated range calculation methodology. The charging rate decreases as battery reaches full capacity. Your results may vary based on peak charging times and battery state of charge. Actual vehicle range varies with conditions such as external elements, driving behaviors, vehicle maintenance, and lithium-ion battery age. Stat achieved with extended-range battery and rear-wheel drive on a 150 kW Direct Current fast charge charger.

183.
Price the dealer is willing to sell the vehicle for in a purchase transaction and corresponds to the estimated dealer selling price for the vehicle displayed in the Pricing Summary. Excludes available  incentives (including AXZD-Plans Pricing for qualified customers), governmental taxes and fees, title or registration fees.  All current available incentives (including AXZD-Plans Pricing), taxes and  fees will be applied at purchase.  See dealer for details, residency restrictions may apply.

184.
Incentives are available at the time of posting, determined by zip code entered by the consumer,  and subject to change and expiration. Not all incentives can be redeemed together. Restrictions may apply. See your dealer for further details.

185.
This is the deposit your Dealer will receive to process your order. Your Dealer Deposit will be applied towards the purchase price of the Vehicle. By paying a Dealer Deposit, you are agreeing to the Dealer’s selling price for your selected vehicle. Dealer Deposit refund policy may vary based on your selected Dealer. Please ask your Dealer for their refund policy before you place your order.

186.
Term: The number of scheduled months in your Purchase/Lease contract. If your Purchase/Lease the vehicle, the term represents the number of months  you agree to pay off the contract obligation with your scheduled payments. 

Annual Mileage: The miles per year that you expect to drive should match the mileage allowance you select for your lease. The mileage allowance you select will impact the monthly lease payment and the terms of repayment. You will be responsible for a per-mile excess mileage charge over the mileage allowance in your lease (see footnote 10 Estimated Monthly Payment for excess mileage charges).
188.
Financing payment calculations are based on APR and term. NOT ALL BUYERS WILL QUALIFY FOR THE LOWEST FORD CREDIT APR.

189.
Charges associated with getting the vehicle from the manufacturer to the dealership.

190.
Down Payment: The cash amount paid to reduce the Dealer Selling Price of the vehicle being purchased or leased.

191.
The Option Package price and monthly payment displayed is for illustration purposes, only. Prices and monthly payments may vary based on features included in package, financing terms and availability. Some Options are not available separately. Not all Options or Option Packages are available on all vehicles. See your local dealer for details.

192.
Total MSRP is Base MSRP plus options, destination and delivery charges. Excludes taxes, title, and registration fees.

193.
Destination Charges are associated with getting the vehicle from the manufacturer to the dealership. Prices listed are MSRP and are based on information updated on this website from time to time.

