Legal Notice
Macy's Terms of Use Legal Notice



©2023 Macys.com, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Please refer to the legal notice below for Terms of Use.



This website is operated by Macys.com, LLC. The website address for Macys.com, LLC is http://macys.com.The mailing address for Macys.com, LLC is 151 West 34th Street, New York, New York 10001.



All users of this website agree that their access to and use of this website are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this legal notice and all applicable laws and that any such access or use is undertaken at the user's own risk. Macys.com is not intended for children under the age of 18. These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be reflected on the Legal Notice page of the macys.com website.



By making a purchase from macys.com, you understand and agree that macys.com may share information about you and your transaction with other companies for the purpose of processing your transaction, including fraud prevention, credit card authorization, vendor direct shipping and Macy’s Third Party Sellers.



All images, graphics, code, software and other content used on or incorporated into this website are subject to intellectual property rights held by or licensed to Macys.com, LLC or its affiliates. Subject to your compliance with these terms of use, Macy's grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of this website. This license does not include: (a) any commercial use of this website or its contents; (b) any collection or use of any product listings, descriptions, images or videos; (c) any derivative use of the website or its contents; (d) any downloading, copying or other use of the website or its contents for the benefit of any third party; or (e) any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This website and its contents may not be reproduced, sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the prior express written consent of Macy's. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) on this website or owned by Macy's without first obtaining Macy's express prior written consent.



This website may contain errors and may not be complete or current. macys.com therefore reserves the right to the fullest extent allowed by law to correct any errors or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors or omissions may relate to product descriptions, pricing and availability, and we reserve the right to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law to cancel or refuse to accept any order placed based on incorrect pricing or availability information. We apologize for any inconvenience.



THE MACYS.COM WEBSITE AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND USER CONTENT INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITE (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SITE CONTENTS") ARE PROVIDED BY MACYS.COM ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. MACYS.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE, THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE CONTENTS, OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR EMAILS SENT FROM MACYS.COM ARE FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE MACYS.COM WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MACYS.COM DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE AND THE SITE CONTENTS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.

CERTAIN PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS MAY SEPARATELY PROVIDE LIMITED REPRESENTATIONS AND/OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THEIR PRODUCTS. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO SUCH PRODUCT WARRANTIES.



To the fullest extent allowed by applicable laws, neither macys.com nor its corporate affiliates, nor the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, shall be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this website, email sent in connection with this website or any other website linked to this website. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if macys.com is notified in advance of the potential for any such damages. These terms are binding in New Jersey but some other jurisdictions limit consumer limitations of liability, so some or all of the provisions above may not apply to you.

macys.com operates an online marketplace that allows a Third Party Seller to sell products directly to a customer alongside Macy’s products (“Online Marketplace”). A product offered through the Online Third Party Seller will say “shipped and sold by [Seller’s Name]” right below the name of the item on the product page. Once a customer places an order with an Online Third Party Seller, the Seller ships products directly to the customer. The Third Party Seller is subject to the following additional terms:

Customer acknowledges that, by purchasing a product from the Third Party Seller, the order will be fulfilled by the Third Party Seller, and not by macys.com. The Seller, not macys.com, is responsible for processing, shipping, returns, and customer service related to any Third Party Seller order. A customer may contact the Seller by clicking “contact the seller” in the order details section within the customer’s order history page.
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable laws, neither macys.com nor its corporate affiliates have any responsibility or liability for any Third Party Seller, its products, or representations made by a Seller in connection with a product offered or sold through the Online Third Party Seller.
macys.com does not make any representations or warranties about any website you may access through this website. Any such website is independent from macys.com, and macys.com has no control over, or responsibility with respect to, the information provided or activities undertaken by any such website. A link between macys.com and another website does not mean that macys.com endorses that website. You need to make your own independent decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other website.

macys.com offers other companies opportunities to advertise their products or services on this site through the Macy’s Media Network. The advertisers are responsible for the content of their ads. Macy’s does not endorse or sponsor the advertisers or the content of their ads.

macys.com does not want to receive confidential, proprietary or trade secret information through this website (excluding information related to any order you submit). Please note that any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to macys.com will be deemed non-confidential. And, by submitting any such information, you are granting macys.com an irrevocable, perpetual and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments for any purpose whatsoever, including advertising. For example, we may use customer reviews from the site in our online or print advertising, along with first name only and city/state of residence. Please refer to our User Generated Content Policy for further information on any content you submit to this website.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials available on the website infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send macys.com a notice at the address listed below requesting that we remove the material or block access to it, but you must include the following information:



(i) Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.

(ii) Identification of the content that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the content in as much detail as possible, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the content.

(iii) Your name, address, telephone number, and (if available) email address.

(iv) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the work you are reporting is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.

(v) A statement that the information you have supplied is accurate, and indicating under penalty of perjury that you are the copyright owner or authorized representative.

(vi) A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.



If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov for details. Notices and counter-notices should be sent to: Copyright Agent, c/o Macy's Law Department, 13th Floor, 151 West 34th Street, New York, NY 10001 or to Infringement.Response@macys.com. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.



macys.com has the right but assumes no voluntary duty to monitor and edit or remove any comments or product review ("Comments") posted by users on this site. You are solely responsible for the Comments you post on or through this site, for their accuracy, and for the consequences of submitting and posting those Comments. Also, you should be skeptical about information provided by others, and you acknowledge that the use of any Comments posted on the site is at your own risk to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. For example, we are not responsible for, and we do not endorse, the opinions, advice, suggestions or recommendations posted or sent by users in any Comments and we specifically disclaim any liability in connection therewith to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. You agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or malware that could in any way affect the operation of this site.




Customer Service
For more information on Macy's Customer Service Policies or to resolve a complaint regarding service, call 1-800-289-6229 during business hours.

Notice for California Residents pursuant to CA Civil Code section 1789.3 : California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210.


Macy's Purchase Alerts
If you have signed up for Macy's Purchase Alerts :

You have agreed to receive Macy's Purchase Alerts -- text messages to your mobile phone/device regarding the status of an order you are picking up at a Macy's store. Your mobile number will be used to communicate with you by text message regarding the status of your order. You must provide your mobile number with each new order to receive Macy's Purchase Alerts regarding that specific order.
You understand and agree that the text messages sent to your mobile phone/device may be generated using automated technology. Your consent to receive text messages is not required to make a purchase.
Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Your mobile carrier's rates apply. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Macy's does not charge you for sending or receiving text messages to or from 62442 (MAGIC).
Recurring number of messages per transaction.
For help, text "HELP" to 62442. To cancel, text "STOP" to 62442. You will receive a confirmation text. If you have any questions, contact Customer Service at 1-800-BUY-MACY (1-800-289-6229).
Macy's will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your mobile phone number, your carrier's name, the date, time and content of your messages and other information you provide to us in connection with your order. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us.
The service is available on these US carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile®, Sprint, U.S. Cellular®, Cincinnati Bell, and others.
If you have connected with a Macy's Personal Stylist :

You have agreed to receive text messages to your mobile phone/device from a Macy's Personal Stylist in response to your inquiries as part of Macy's personal stylist service.
You understand and agree that a number of the text messages sent to your mobile phone/device may be generated using automated technology. Your consent to receive text messages is not required to make a purchase.
Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Your mobile carrier's rates apply. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider.
Feedback 


--
Macy's Star Rewards Terms & Conditions
1. Membership (“Membership”): The Macy’s Star Rewards program (“Program”) is a U.S.-based loyalty program and is available only in the U.S. and its territories. Participation in the Program and the benefits of the Program are offered at the sole discretion of Macy’s (“Macy’s,” “us,” or “our”). Cardholders of Macy’s Store and Macy’s American Express® accounts (each an “Account”) used for personal, family and household purchases are automatically enrolled for Membership in the Program; Commercial Accounts are excluded. Each Account is enrolled in the Program once, regardless of the number of cardholders and authorized users (cardholders and authorized users are collectively referred to herein as “Cardholders”). Eligible customers aged 18 years or older who are U.S. residents and do not have an Account may enroll for Membership in the Program at any Macy’s store or online at macys.com/starrewards. Eligible customers who enroll for Membership in the Program but do not have an Account are referred to collectively in these Terms and Conditions as “Non-Cardholders,” and individually as a “Non-Cardholder.” Account cardholders and Non-Cardholders are collectively referred to as “Members” and individual Members are sometimes referred to in these terms and conditions as “you.” An Account is not required to enroll for Membership in the Program and no purchase is necessary to enroll. Only one Program Membership per Account and per person. By enrolling in Star Rewards, you agree you are subject to Macy's Notice of Privacy Practices, which may be found here. Information regarding any state privacy rights you may have is also available there.



2. Eligibility: Participation in the Program is for individuals who use the Membership in connection with purchases used for personal, family and household purposes. Any use of the Program for commercial purposes or fraudulent activity, and any attempts to manipulate or abuse the Program will result in termination of the Membership. When a Membership is terminated due to ineligibility, all outstanding points and outstanding Star Money rewards associated with the Membership are forfeited.



3. Star Rewards Status: The Program consists of four status levels: Silver, Gold, and Platinum status (available to Cardholders) and Bronze status (available to Non-Cardholders) (each a “Status”).

a. Cardholder Status: Every Account with at least one Qualifying Purchase charged in the previous calendar year that is not offset by a return, discount, or adjustment is assigned a Status. A “Qualifying Purchase” is a purchase charged to the Account at Macy’s, macys.com, or Macy’s Backstage. The benefits available to the Account vary based on the Status. The Status of an Account is based on the net Qualifying Purchase amount (less returns, discounts (excluding employee and new Account discounts), and adjustments) on the Account in the previous calendar year (“Net Qualifying Purchases”).



12-6-2023 2-38-22 PM

b. Non-Cardholder Status: All Non-Cardholders are Bronze Status and receive benefits available at that Status.



4. Changing Account Status for Cardholders: New Accounts are opened with Silver Status. If no Qualifying Purchases are made on an Account during a calendar year, the Account is considered inactive in the Program and is not assigned a Status. Once sufficient Net Qualifying Purchase(s) are charged to an Account to qualify for a higher Status, the change will occur 7 calendar days after the Net Qualifying Purchase Amount is met, unless returns cause the Account to fall below the required Net Qualifying Purchase Amount for the new Status during the 7-day period following qualification. You will be notified of an increase in Status once it becomes effective. Once the new Status becomes effective, the Account will receive the benefits associated with that Status. Those benefits will not apply to purchases made prior to the effective date of the new Status. Once an Account advances to a higher Status, it will remain at that Status for the rest of the calendar year. Every January, Net Qualifying Purchases in the previous full calendar year will be used to determine your Account Status for the year. You will be notified of any change to your Account Status each year and the change will become effective in January of each year. However, you will not be notified if your Account becomes inactive in the Program. If you are a New York resident and your Account is closed on or after December 10, 2023, your Membership in the Program will continue as a Non-Cardholder at the Bronze Status level. We will send you a notification explaining your new Status.



5. Benefits: Each Status offers different benefits, some of which are detailed below. These benefits are offered at the sole discretion of Macy’s. Benefits may be added to or removed from the Program at any time without notice.



6. Savings Offers: From time to time, Macy’s may provide Members of any Status with Savings Offers on select purchases at Macy’s and macys.com. The value of each Savings Offer may differ and there is no guarantee of a certain number of Savings Offers. Exclusions apply and will be disclosed with each Savings Offer. To receive Savings Offers, Members must not have opted out of receiving marketing from Macy’s as of the date we prepare our offers and we must have their current mailing or email address.



7. Free Standard Shipping:



a. Free Standard Shipping with Qualifying $25+ Purchase (Bronze Status and Silver Status): Free standard shipping with qualifying $25+ purchases at Macy’s and macys.com when: (i) Bronze members check-out with their Bronze membership or (ii) payment is made with an Account with Silver Status. Minimum required spend excludes gift wrap charges, purchases of gift cards, and tax. Free shipping of purchases in Macy’s stores applies when you are shopping in a store that does not stock a particular item but it is available at another store and: (a) Bronze members check-out with their Bronze membership or (b) payment is made with an Account with Silver Status. A $10 shipping surcharge on domestic orders applies to purchases shipped outside the contiguous United States: Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Micronesia, Marshall Islands, North Mariana Islands, Palau and U.S. Virgin Islands. Free Shipping does not apply to furniture, mattresses, rugs, purchases in Macy’s stores (except as noted above), prior purchases, e-gifting purchases, or international orders. Due to size and/or weight, certain items bear a shipping surcharge, which will still apply. Additional delivery charges may apply for expedited shipping.



b. Free Standard Shipping with No Minimum Purchase (Gold and Platinum): Free standard shipping of purchases at Macy’s and macys.com when payment is made with an Account with Gold or Platinum Status. Free standard shipping of purchases in Macy’s stores applies when you are shopping in a store that does not stock a particular item but it is available at another store and payment is made with an Account with Gold or Platinum Status. A $10 shipping surcharge on domestic orders applies to purchases shipped outside the contiguous United States: Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Micronesia, Marshall Islands, North Mariana Islands, Palau and U.S. Virgin Islands. Free Shipping does not apply to furniture, mattresses, rugs, purchases in Macy’s stores (except as noted above), prior purchases, e-gifting purchases, or international orders. Due to size and/or weight, certain items bear a shipping surcharge, which will still apply. Additional delivery charges may apply for expedited shipping. If an order is placed when the Account has Silver Status and the order does not qualify for free standard shipping (as describe in Section 7(a)), you will be charged for shipping even if an upgrade to Gold or Platinum Status becomes effective before your order is shipped.



8. Earning Points at Macy’s: Members accumulate points on Rewards Earning Purchases at Macy’s, macys.com, and Macy’s Backstage. A “Rewards Earning Purchase” is a purchase of merchandise at Macy’s, macys.com, and Macy’s Backstage (less any discounts (excluding employee and new Account discounts) and adjustments). Rewards Earning Purchases exclude: Macy’s Gift Cards, furniture, mattresses, rugs, services (e.g., Beauty Box and other subscription services, restaurants, salon services, alterations, etc.), any department that does not use a Macy’s point of sale register, fees, sales tax, and any portion of your purchase paid with Star Money, or Macy’s Rewards Cards (including Macy’s Money, Happy Returns Cards, promotional cards, and merchandise only certificates). Cardholders will not accumulate points if you pay using an electronic or virtual wallet other than Macy’s Pay, even if you are using a Macy’s Account in an electronic or virtual wallet.



a. You will receive points for every dollar of a Rewards Earning Purchase. The number of points you receive is based on your Status and your method of payment. Members earn points for Rewards Earning Purchases as shown in the chart below. Cardholders who make a Rewards Earning purchase using a form of payment other than their Account earn points at the Bronze level when checking out as a Star Rewards member.



star

The amount of each Rewards Earning Purchase is multiplied by the applicable number of points per dollar to determine the number of points received for that purchase. That amount is then rounded to the nearest point. (For those Rewards Earning Purchases made in full or in part with an Account that receives an employee discount, points will be calculated based on 80% of a Rewards Earning Purchase charged to the Account, regardless of the percentage of employee discount applied to the purchase.) When you return a purchase, the same calculation is used to determine the number of points that will be removed from your outstanding points balance. If, during a return, you do not have sufficient outstanding points to accommodate the returned purchase, any outstanding Star Money rewards will be reduced by 1¢ per point. If all your outstanding points and outstanding Star Money rewards are eliminated, we may reduce the value of your returned purchase by 1¢ per point.



b. Points earned for a Rewards Earning Purchase made on macys.com, or orders placed by a store associate for merchandise not available in that store, will be pending and will be issued on the date each item is shipped to the shipping address. If items from a single order are shipped on different dates, the points for each item will be issued on the date each item is shipped. The points received for any item with a scheduled delivery will be pending and will not be issued until after the merchandise is delivered and accepted.



c. You must check-out at Macy’s and macys.com as a Star Rewards member in order to earn points. In our stores, Cardholders must pay with their Account or present their Account at time of purchase to earn points. When shopping in our stores, Bronze members must provide the information requested at time of purchase to earn points. On macys.com, Silver, Gold, and Platinum members must pay with their Account to earn points at a Cardholder Status level. Cardholders may earn at the Bronze Status level when they pay with a method other than an Account if they: (i) create a macys.com account; (ii) add their Account to their macys.com Wallet; and (iii) elect to connect/merge their Star Rewards membership with their macys.com account. To earn points while shopping on macys.com, Bronze members must have a macys.com account with their Star Rewards membership added to that macys.com account. Bronze members must be signed in to that macys.com account when making a purchase on macys.com to earn points.



d. Once a Star Rewards account accumulates 1,000 points, a $10 Star Money reward is issued. You will be given the option to redeem your available Star Money rewards toward a qualifying purchase at Macy’s, Macy’s Backstage, or macys.com when you check-out with your Membership. Star Money rewards may not be exchanged for cash, used to purchase Macy’s Gift Cards, used for services (e.g., Beauty Box and other subscription services, restaurants, salon services, alterations, etc.), used in any department that does not use a Macy’s point of sale register, used for any purchase that will be shipped outside the U.S., or used as payment on an Account. To redeem a Star Money reward on orders of furniture and mattresses on macys.com, you must call Macy’s Customer Service for assistance. Star Money rewards may not be redeemed in a Macy’s store if you use an electronic or virtual wallet other than Macy’s Pay or self-checkout. Each Star Money reward is valid for 30 calendar days from issuance. Unused Star Money rewards are forfeited 30 calendar days after issuance, at midnight Eastern Time on the expiration date. When a Star Money reward is issued during a purchase at a store register, the register receipt will include notification that the Star Money was issued. If we have a valid email address for the Member, we will also send an email notification. When pending points become actual points as described in section 8b, or points earned on purchases outside Macy’s on a Macy’s American Express account are added to your outstanding points balance and those points cause a Star Money reward to be issued, if we have a valid email address for the Member, we will send an email notification. If we don’t have a valid email address on file, we may choose to notify you through another method.



e. If your purchase results in the partial use of a Star Money reward, the remainder of the reward is valid for 30 calendar days from the date the Star Money reward was originally issued.Star Money rewards associated with an Account may be redeemed by any individual Cardholder or authorized user on the Account. Macy’s cannot limit redemption of Star Money rewards to any individual Cardholder or authorized buyer on an Account.



f. If you use a Star Money reward(s) toward a purchase and then return the item purchased, Macy’s may issue the portion of your return paid with a Star Money reward(s) in the form of a replacement Star Money reward(s), a Macy’s Happy Returns Card, or a merchandise only certificate.



g. Except where prohibited by law, if a Cardholder’s Account is closed, whether by the Account issuer or the primary or secondary Cardholder, all outstanding points and any unused Star Money Rewards will be forfeited and your Membership terminated. If you fail to make a Rewards Earning Purchase during any consecutive 12-month period, your outstanding points balance and any unused Star Money Rewards will be forfeited.



h. Except where prohibited by law, if a Cardholder’s Account is closed, whether by the Account issuer or the primary or secondary Cardholder, all outstanding points and any unused Star Money Rewards will be forfeited, and your Membership terminated.



i. If you fail to make a Rewards Earning Purchase during any consecutive 12-month period, your outstanding points balance and any unused Star Money Rewards will be forfeited.



9. Earning Points Outside of Macy’s: Cardholders with Macy’s American Express accounts may earn points on qualifying purchases outside of Macy’s as described at macys.com/starrewards.



10. Star Money Bonus Days and Bonus Point Offers: From time to time, Macy’s may offer Members additional opportunities to earn points. When given an opportunity to earn points, the points will be earned in the manner described in Section 8, but the number of points earned per dollar spent and the merchandise excluded may differ and will be disclosed with each offer. Macy’s is under no obligation to offer any particular number of Star Money Bonus Days or bonus point offers. Bonus points are not awarded on purchases of: Apple products, tech watches/jewelry/accessories, tech, Macy's Backstage, Beauty Box subscriptions, Scan & Pay purchases, gift cards, furniture, mattresses, rugs, services & fees, sales tax, leased departments, third party sellers, restaurants, international orders, e-gifting, online backorders, or pre-sales.



11. Termination of or Change in Program and Points: Except as prohibited by law, Macy’s may terminate the Program at any time, with or without notice, which may result in loss of points and the cancellation of all benefits and privileges associated with the Program. Points are not your property and may be revoked, cancelled, limited, or modified at any time, even though such action may affect a Member’s right to use previously accumulated points. Points have no cash value and may not be redeemed for cash, and have no value whatsoever. Macy’s reserves the right to limit, delete or change any of the rules, terms, conditions, and benefits of the Program at its sole discretion, with or without notice. Interpretation of these Terms and Conditions shall be at the sole discretion of Macy’s, whose decision will be final. If a Member believes that points were not properly applied, please contact us at the telephone number that appears in Section 14. Members must contact us within thirty (30) days after the date the points should have been earned in accordance with Section 8. Macy’s does not have any obligation to correct errors after such thirty (30) day period. Macy’s will not be liable for any failure to issue points to your Star Rewards account in a timely manner. Macy’s is not liable for points that are lost due to fraudulent, unauthorized, or other unacceptable use.



12. Other Terms: Any tax liability connected with receipt or use of any Star Money rewards or any other benefit in the Program is the participant’s responsibility. Program void where prohibited or restricted by law. Except where provided by law, points and Star Money rewards are not transferable in the event of death, as part of a domestic relations matter, or for any other reason. Points and Star Money rewards cannot be combined across Accounts or Memberships, or transferred to a different Account or Membership. The sale, trading, auction, barter or other transfer of any points or Star Money rewards is prohibited. Macy’s reserves the right to audit Accounts and Memberships at any time and request validation of point-earning activities and Star Money reward redemptions. Events beyond Macy’s control, such as computer equipment or electronic data transmission failure, strikes, acts of God, civil disturbances, terrorism or war, which may materially affect our ability to perform, may cause us to suspend or terminate the Program.



13. Release of Information: Members consent to the release of their personal information to third parties as necessary to carry out the Program.



14. Change to Account Information: Members must advise us of any change in their name, address, e-mail address, or phone number associated with the Account or Membership. You may call us at 1-888-860-7111 or write to us at Macy’s Customer Service, P.O. Box 8118, Mason, OH 45040 to update your information.



15. Governing Law: These Terms and Conditions are governed by New York state law, without reference to its conflicts of law doctrine, as such law is applied to agreements entered into and performed entirely within such jurisdiction.



American Express is a federally registered service mark of American Express and is used by Citibank, N.A. pursuant to a license. The Macy’s American Express Card program is issued and administered by Citibank, N.A.
