
URL Source: https://www.dillards.com/rewardsprogram.pdf?srsltid=AfmBOop1tfmq5RDX_bdG2EJRS2E7u3NmjJjyao_cgI55FszJG4z2rhqF

Markdown Content:
> 1

# DILLARD’S REWARDS PROGRAM TERMS 

# AND CONDITIONS (“TERMS”) 

Section 1: Definitions 

Section 2: Agreement 

Section 3: Eligibility 

Section 4: Earning Rewards Points 

Section 5: Selection of Reward 

Section 6: Rewards Certificates and Shopping Passes 

Section 7: Termination of or Change in Program and Rewards Points 

Section 8: Dillard’s Elite Program 

Section 9: Communications, Program Activity and Customer Service 

Section 10: Dillard’s Rewards Program Disputes 

Section 11: Limited Liability 

Section 12: Taxes 

Section 13: Governing Law; Assignment 

Section 14: Arbitration 

Section 15: Entire Agreement; Severability; Conflicts; No Waiver 

1. Definitions. 

The terms below have the following meanings: 

• “Account” means either a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s Mastercard ® account issued by Citibank, N.A. (“Citibank”). 

• “Billing Cycle” means the period of time between each date when Citibank creates a billing statement for your 

Account. 

• “Card” means either a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s Mastercard issued by Citibank, N.A. 

• “Dillard’s” means Dillard’s, Inc. 

• “Dillard’s Elite Program” means the Program status described in paragraph 8 of these Terms. 

• “Dillard’s Rewards Program” or “Program” means the rewards program described in these Terms. 

• “Employees” means any of our or our affiliates’ employees, officers or directors. 

• “Net Eligible Purchases” has the definition set forth in Section 4. 

• “Rewards Points” are points earned and redeemed as described in these terms for the Dillard’s Rewards Program. 

• “You” and “your” means each person that has an Account. 

• “We,” “our,” and “us” refers to Dillard’s. 

2. Agreement. 

These terms (“Terms”) govern your use of the Dillard’s Rewards Program. The Program is a U.S.-based loyalty program 

and is available only in the U.S. and its territories. You agree to these Terms by participating in the Program. The 

Program is provided by Dillard’s at its sole discretion. Dillard’s is solely responsible for operation of the Program. We 

may share Program information with Citibank for purposes of administering or servicing the Program. These Terms are 

separate and independent from your card agreement (“Card Agreement”) which governs the use of your Account. In the 

event of any conflict between these Terms and your Card Agreement, these Terms will control in any matter relating to 

the Program. All information collected by Dillard’s about you in connection with the Program is subject to our Privacy 

Policy which can be found at https://w ww.dillards.c om/privacy .2

3. Eligibility. 

We automatically enroll you in the Program when Citibank issues you an Account. You will remain enrolled in the 

Program as long as we continue to offer the Program and your Account remains open and in good standing. Good 

standing means 1. Your Account is open to new charges and not over your credit limit, 2. Your Account is not more than 

60 days past due or otherwise in default, 3. Your Card is not flagged as lost, stolen, or fraudulent according to Citibank’s 

records, 4. Your Account is not in a hardship or workout program with Citibank, and 5. You are not subject to a credit 

counseling arrangement with Citibank relating to your Account. We may cancel, modify or change the Program, deny 

or revoke your Rewards Points, Shopping Passes, and Rewards Certificates, and deny or revoke your participation 

in the Program at any time for any reason unless prohibited by law. Dillard’s Employee Accounts and the Accounts of 

individuals participating in the Dillard’s Friends and Family Program are not eligible for the Program. 

4. Earning Rewards Points. 

You will earn Rewards Points on Net Eligible Purchases made with your Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s Mastercard. Net 

Eligible Purchases are purchases on your Account of eligible goods and services for personal, family, and household 

purposes using your Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s Mastercard and the Card(s) of your authorized users, if any, 

minus any returns, refunds, credit adjustments, discounts and the portion of any purchases you make using Rewards 

Certificates or a Shopping Pass. You will not earn Rewards Points on cash advances, interest charges, balance 

transfers, fees, credits, returns, unauthorized purchases, wire transfers, bets, and purchases of foreign currency, lottery 

tickets, casino gaming chips, and cash equivalents such as money orders and traveler’s checks. 

A. Earning Rewards Points at Dillard’s . You will earn two Rewards Points for every dollar of Net Eligible Purchases made 

with the Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s Mastercard at Dillard’s locations, by phone through Dillard’s, in the Dillard’s 

mobile or digital wallet, and at dillards .c om. 

B. Earning Rewards Points Outside of Dillard’s . If you are a Dillard’s Mastercard cardholder, you will earn the following 

Rewards Points for qualifying Net Eligible Purchases made with your Dillard’s Mastercard outside of Dillard’s: 

• Two Rewards Points for every dollar of Net Eligible Purchases at gas stations located in the United States classified 

as gas stations or automated fuel sensors by Mastercard. Gas purchases at warehouses/membership clubs, 

grocery stores, car washes, auto repair stores, and superstores that sell gasoline may not be coded as gas stations 

or automated fuel dispensers. 

• Two Rewards Points for every dollar of Net Eligible Purchases at supermarkets and grocery stores located in 

the United States classified as supermarkets or grocery stores by Mastercard. Purchases at superstores and 

warehouse clubs may not be coded as supermarkets. 

• One Rewards Point for every dollar of Net Eligible Purchases at any other merchant or service accepting Mastercard 

other than Dillard’s. 

We do not have the ability to control how a merchant is classified and therefore reserve the right to determine which 

purchases qualify for two Rewards Points instead of one. You will earn one Rewards Point for every dollar of Net 

Eligible Purchases at gas stations, supermarkets and grocery stores made through a third-party payment account 

or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers). You will earn one Rewards Point for every dollar of Net Eligible 

Purchases made at gas stations, supermarkets and grocery stores if the merchant submits the purchase using a 

mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet for the purchase. 

C. Calculation of Rewards Points . The amount of each Net Eligible Purchase is multiplied by the applicable number 

of points per dollar to determine the number of Rewards Points received for that purchase. Rewards points will be 

calculated each Billing Cycle. Rewards point activity will be detailed on your statement. 

D. Redeeming Points . When you earn 1,500 Rewards Points, those points will automatically be deducted from your 

Rewards Points balance and, depending on your rewards selection as described below, you will receive a $10 rewards 

certificate (“Rewards Certificate”) or 10% off shopping pass (“Shopping Pass”) with your Account statement within 

one to two Billing Cycles for use by you for eligible purchases at Dillard’s. You may not earn more than four Rewards 

Certificates or one Shopping Pass per Billing Cycle. You can earn a maximum of 48 Rewards Certificates or 12 

Shopping Passes each calendar year. Rewards points you earn which have not been used toward the issuance of a 

Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass expire 12 months after you earn them. You will redeem Rewards Points on a 

first-in first-out basis 3

5. Selection of Reward. 

To make or change your rewards selection of either Rewards Certificates or Shopping Passes, call the number shown 

on the back of your Card. If you don’t make a choice, you will automatically be enrolled to receive the 10% Off Shopping 

Pass. You will continue to receive the Shopping Pass when eligible until you change your rewards selection. You may 

change your rewards selection as often as you like. Please allow up to two Billing Cycles for your rewards selection to 

become effective. 

6. Rewards Certificates and Shopping Passes. 

To use a Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass, your Account must be in good standing and you must present it or the 

30-digit number listed on the Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass at the time you make an eligible purchase with your 

Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s Mastercard at Dillard’s store locations, on dillards .com, or by phone through Dillard’s. 

Rewards Certificates and Shopping Passes expire at least 60 days after issuance at 11:59pm Central Time on the 

expiration date listed on the Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass. Purchases made with a Shopping Pass must be 

made by 11:59pm Central Time on the day you use it. We will take the discount at the time of the eligible transaction. 

You may only use Rewards Certificates or Shopping Passes for your own Account. You can redeem multiple Rewards 

Certificates we send you on a single eligible transaction. You cannot redeem multiple Shopping Passes on a single 

transaction or on a single day. Rewards Certificates and Shopping Passes cannot be combined. Shopping Passes 

cannot be combined with any Dillard’s percentage-off coupons. If you use a Rewards Certificate for an eligible purchase 

whose cost is less than the value of the Rewards Certificate, you will only receive a discount equal to the value of the 

goods or services you purchase, and you may not use that Rewards Certificate again. If you return merchandise you 

purchased using a Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass, the amount of any discounts received from any Rewards 

Certificates or Shopping Pass used with the purchase will be deducted from the amount of your refund. Rewards 

Certificates and Shopping Passes will not be reissued or refunded if merchandise you purchase using a Reward 

Certificate or Shopping Pass is returned to us. We will not replace Rewards Certificates or Shopping Passes that are 

expired, lost, or stolen. Rewards certificates and Shopping Passes are void if copied, altered, or defaced. Rewards 

Certificates and Shopping Passes cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an Account, redeemed for cash, used 

in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards. Rewards Certificates and Shopping 

Passes may be used by any individual cardholder or authorized user on the Account. Additional restrictions may apply 

as stated on your Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass. 

7. Termination of or Change in Program and Rewards Points. 

We reserve the right to remove or prohibit Program participation for any person in the event we suspect in our sole 

discretion fraud, abuse or misuse of Program privileges, a violation of these terms, or a violation of applicable law, 

without notice. Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these terms will not constitute a waiver 

of any of our rights. Unless prohibited by law, you will forfeit any outstanding Rewards Points, Rewards Certificates, and 

Rewards Points if your Account is closed or your participation in the Program is suspended for any reason. 

By participating in the Program, you acknowledge that Rewards Points, Rewards Certificates, and Shopping Passes are 

purely promotional. You have no right, title, or interest in the Rewards Points, Rewards Certificates, or Shopping Passes. 

We may decline to accept a Rewards Certificate or Shopping Pass if the Program or your participation in the Program 

has been suspended. 

Rewards Points, Rewards Certificates, and Shopping Passes are not your property and have no cash value. Shopping 

Passes and Rewards Certificates are not “gift certificates” and are not intended for gift-giving purposes. Rewards Points, 

Shopping Passes, and Rewards Certificates are not transferable. All returns of purchases made using a Shopping Pass 

or Rewards Certificate are subject to our product return policies. Rewards Points, Shopping Passes, and Rewards 

Certificates may not be valid where restricted by law. These terms are void where prohibited by law. 

Subject to any requirements or limitations of applicable law, we may at any time for any reason add to, change, limit, 

or terminate the Program or these Terms in whole or in part without notice. To the extent allowed by applicable law, 

changes may apply retroactively, and may affect outstanding transactions, Rewards Certificates, Shopping Passes, 

and Rewards Points, and may result in involuntary decrease of redemption value, forfeiture, or cancellation of Rewards 

Points, Rewards Certificates, and Shopping Passes you have earned. 4

8. Dillard’s Elite Program. 

You will earn Elite Status when you have made Net Eligible Purchases of $2,000 or more in a 12-month period. You will 

enjoy Elite Status benefits for a period of 12 months after you have earned Elite Status (“Elite Benefit Period”). Your Elite 

Status will not be extended or reviewed until your Elite Benefit Period expires. Once it expires, we will begin reviewing 

your account each month to see if you have made Net Eligible Purchases of $2,000 or more in the prior 12-month 

period. Your account must be open and in good standing to qualify for and retain Elite Status. You will be advised of 

your Elite Status on your statement. To view current Elite Status benefits, please visit dillards. com/c/CardElite. The Elite 

Program may be changed or terminated at any time. 

9. Communications, Program Activity and Customer Service. 

We may communicate with you regarding any matter related to the Program by mail, telephone, or electronic 

communication. You may update your contact information on dillards.accountonline .com or by calling the number on the 

back of your Card. We are not responsible for communications, including Program communications, lost due to change 

of address or other contact information. You can view your Program activity on dillards.accountonline .com, which will 

show your unused Rewards Points balance. If you have questions about your Rewards Points balance, or you want to 

ask any other question regarding the Program, call the number on the back of your Card. 

10. Dillard’s Rewards Program Disputes. 

If you believe Rewards Points you earned have not timely posted to your Rewards Points balance, you may dispute 

your Rewards Points balance (“Rewards Dispute”) by calling the number on the back of your Card. If you believe that a 

purchase made on your Account should have resulted in the addition of Rewards Points to your Rewards Points balance, 

and such rewards are not reflected in your accumulated Rewards Points balance within forty-five (45) days of the date 

on which the purchase posted to your Account, call the number on the back of your Card immediately. If you call within 

90 days of the purchase posting date, a reasonable investigation will be conducted. If you do not call within that time 

period, you waive your right to make a Rewards Dispute with respect to that purchase. You may be required to provide 

written confirmation of the dispute and the applicable purchase receipt. If you do not provide the requested confirmation 

or a valid receipt, your Rewards Dispute may not be investigated further. Upon completion of the investigation, we will 

have no further responsibilities if you later reassert the same Rewards Dispute. Please note that the dispute rights 

with respect to your Account under the Account Cardmember Agreement do not apply to these Terms or to 

your rights and remedies under these Terms, which are solely as set forth in these Terms. Any questions or 

disputes about your purchase is governed by your Account Cardmember Agreement and should be directed to 

Citibank. 

11. Limited Liability. 

We may waive any obligation you have under these Terms without losing our right at a later time to enforce that same 

obligation. We will not lose any of our rights under these Terms if we delay taking action for any reason. If we take any 

other action, we will not lose any rights under these Terms. Unless otherwise required by law or our agreements with 

you, neither Dillard’s nor Citibank, nor any of our or its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, service providers, or 

agents will be liable to you, or anyone making a claim on your behalf, in connection with (a) any termination of, change 

in, or suspension of the Program; (b) any claim relating to products purchased using Rewards Certificates or Shopping 

Passes obtained through the Program; (c) any loss, damage, expense or inconvenience caused by any occurrence 

outside of our control; or (d) any taxes that you incur as a result of receiving or redeeming Rewards Points, Rewards 

Certificates, or Shopping Passes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any liability that we or Citibank may have to you in 

connection with the Program shall be limited to the amount of any Rewards Points you have earned in accordance with 

these Terms. 

12. Taxes. 

You are solely liable for any applicable taxes arising out of the accrual or use of Rewards Points, Rewards Certificates, 

and Shopping Passes. Consult your tax advisor concerning such tax consequences. 

13. Governing Law; Assignment. 

The Program and these Terms are governed by federal law and, to the extent state law applies, the laws of the State 

of Arkansas, without any reference to its choice of law provisions. You may not assign your rights or obligations under 

these Terms to any other person or entity. 5

14. Arbitration. 

Dispute Resolution and Arbitration. 

This section limits certain rights—including the right to maintain a court action, the right to a jury trial, the 

right to participate in any form of class or representative claim, the right to statutorily imposed limitations 

periods, the right to engage in discovery except as provided in applicable American Arbitration Association 

(“AAA”) rules, the right to certain remedies and forms of relief, and the right to court review of any award—that 

may not be available in arbitration. 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute or claim (whether based in contract, tort, fraud, 

misrepresentation, or any other statutory or common law legal theory) arising out of or relating in any way 

to these Terms(“Dispute”) shall be resolved through binding arbitration, rather than in court. Dispute shall be 

interpreted broadly and includes claims that arose before the existence of these Terms or claims that may 

arise after the termination of these Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Dillard’s may elect to have 

a Dispute heard in small claims court seeking individualized relief, so long as the Dispute falls within the jurisdictional 

limits of small claims court and that action remains in small claims court and is not removed or appealed to a court of 

general jurisdiction. 

To the fullest extent permitted by law, any cause of action or claim you may have must be commenced within 

one year after the claim or cause of action arises or it is waived and time-barred. 

The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal arbitration law apply to these Terms. There is no judge or jury in 

arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis 

the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages) only in favor of 

the individual party seeking relief as addressed below, and must follow the terms of these Terms as a court would. 

Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process 

Any party who intends to seek arbitration must first provide to the other party a written notice of the Dispute (“Notice”), 

describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute, the claims asserted, and the specific relief sought and the 

calculation for it, and including any supporting documentation and information sufficient to identify any transaction at 

issue. If you are providing the Notice, it must be personally signed by you and mailed via certified or registered mail 

to Dillard’s, Inc., Attn: Legal Dept., 1600 Cantrell Road, Little Rock, AR 72201. If Dillard’s is providing the Notice, it 

will be mailed to you at your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile. You 

and Dillard’s agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to reach a resolution of the Dispute in connection with this 

mandatory informal dispute resolution process. Should Dillard’s request an individualized telephone conference with you 

in an effort to facilitate a resolution, you agree that you will personally appear (with your counsel if you are represented). 

The Dispute should be resolved to your satisfaction as part of this process, but if for some reason that is not the case 

within 60 days after your or our receipt of a fully completed Notice (absent agreement of the parties to extend this 

period), then either party may commence arbitration. 

Compliance with this informal process is a condition precedent to filing a demand for arbitration. Any applicable 

statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in this required process. A court of 

competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations based on non-compliance 

with this condition precedent. A party will also retain the right to raise non-compliance in connection with an arbitration. 

Arbitration Process 

Any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), adr.org, 

1.800.778.7879, and pursuant to the then applicable AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures (“AAA 

Rules”) as modified by this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section. A demand for arbitration must be accompanied 

by a certification of completion of the informal dispute resolution process. Your demand for arbitration must be 

personally signed by you. If AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer an arbitration consistent with this Dispute 

Resolution and Arbitration Section as written, the parties shall agree on a substitute arbitration organization that will 

administer the arbitration consistent with this Section. If the parties cannot agree on a substitute organization, they shall 

mutually petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an arbitration organization that will administer the arbitration 

consistent with this Section. 6

Payment of arbitration fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules. If the arbitrator finds that a claim was frivolous or 

brought for an improper purpose or for the purpose of harassment, the arbitrator may award fees and expenses. In 

addressing this determination, the arbitrator may consider, among other things, whether a party previously offered 

full relief to the other party, including a refund of any applicable purchase price. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned 

opinion in connection with the awards with the essential findings of law and fact. The provisions of Federal Rule of Civil 

Procedure 68 shall apply and be enforced by the arbitrator after the issuance of an award. The arbitration award shall 

be binding only between the parties and shall have no preclusive effect in other arbitrations or proceedings involving 

different claimants. 

Subject to the AAA Rules, you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written 

submissions, in person in the county where you live, or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitration shall be 

conducted by a single neutral arbitrator. 

Except as specifically provided in this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section, all issues are for the arbitrator to 

decide, including but not limited to issues related to scope and enforceability. The arbitrator is bound by these Terms as 

a court would be. 

Class Action Waiver; Individual Relief; Venue; Jury Trial Waiver 

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND DILLARD’S AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE 

RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS (ARBITRATION OR LITIGATION) WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL 

BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY 

GENERAL ACTION. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU FURTHER AGREE 

THAT YOU WILL NOT BE A MEMBER OF ANY PUTATIVE OR ACTUAL CLASS IN A CLASS ACTION BROUGHT BY 

ANYONE ELSE, NOR WILL YOU SEEK TO BECOME A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD 

THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF (INCLUDING DECLARATORY OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF 

THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF AS 

TO THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT AWARD RELIEF FOR OR AGAINST ANYONE 

WHO IS NOT A PARTY TO THE PROCEEDING. IF ANY PORTION OF THIS PARAGRAPH IS FOUND TO BE VOID 

OR UNENFORCEABLE AS TO A PARTICULAR CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF (SUCH AS A REQUEST FOR 

PUBLIC INJUNCTIVE RELIEF) AND ALL APPEALS HAVE BEEN EXHAUSTED OR THE DECISION IS OTHERWISE 

FINAL, THEN THAT CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF (AND ONLY THAT CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF) 

SHALL BE RESOLVED IN FEDERAL COURT IN ARKANSAS RATHER THAN IN ARBITRATION AND ONLY AFTER 

ARBITRATION OF ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF. IF THERE IS NO FEDERAL JURISDICTION, 

THE RESOLUTION OF THAT CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF SHALL BE RESOLVED IN ARKANSAS STATE 

COURT ONLY AFTER ARBITRATION OF ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF. TO THE FULLEST 

EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND DILLARD’S EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY 

JURY. 

Additional Procedures Applicable to Mass Arbitrations 

The additional procedures set forth in this paragraph shall apply in the event that you or your counsel elect to resolve 

your Dispute in connection with 25 or more similar claims against Dillard’s brought by the same or coordinated counsel 

(“Mass Arbitrations”). You agree that if your Dispute is part of Mass Arbitrations, the adjudication of your Dispute might 

be delayed. The Mass Arbitrations, including your Dispute, shall be subject to a staged bellwether process and AAA’s 

Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule shall apply. Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Dillard’s shall 

each select 15 demands for arbitration (per side) (a total of 30 demands for arbitration) to be filed in and to proceed 

in arbitration in bellwether proceedings to be adjudicated individually (with a different arbitrator for each arbitration). In 

the meantime, no other demands for arbitration shall be filed, processed, or deemed filed. If the parties are unable to 

resolve the remaining Mass Arbitrations after the conclusion of the first set of bellwether proceedings, each side may 

select 15 demands for arbitration (per side) (a total of up to 30 demands for arbitration) to be filed in and to proceed in 

arbitration in a second set of bellwether proceedings to be adjudicated individually (with a different arbitrator for each 

arbitration). In the meantime, no other demands for arbitration shall be filed, processed, or deemed filed. This process 

shall continue in subsequent sets of staged bellwether proceedings consistent with the process outlined above until 

the parties are able to adjudicate or resolve all remaining claims. Any applicable of statutes of limitations shall be tolled 

from the time the first demands for arbitration are selected for the first set of bellwether proceedings until a demand for 

arbitration is selected as part of a set of bellwether proceedings, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved. A court shall have 

the authority to enforce these Additional Procedures Applicable to Mass Arbitrations and, if necessary, to enjoin the 

filing or prosecution of arbitrations. 7

Survival and Modifications 

This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section will survive after the Terms, the Program or your Card terminate. 

Notwithstanding any provision of these Terms to the contrary, any modifications to this Dispute Resolution and 

Arbitration Section will not apply to any Dispute to which notice has been provided by Dillard’s or you to the other party. 

15. Entire Agreement; Severability; Conflicts; Waiver. 

These Terms contain the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Program, and supersede any previous 

terms and conditions governing the Program we may have provided to you. The Program is not available where and 

to the extent prohibited by law. If any part of these Terms conflict with applicable law, that provision will be deemed 

severed from these Terms and the remainder of the Terms will remain in effect. We will not lose our rights under these 

Terms because we delay or do not enforce them. All waivers of any of these Terms by us must be in a writing executed 

by someone with authority to bind us. 

Dillard’s is a registered trademark of Dillard’s, Inc. 

The Dillard’s Credit Card is issued by Citibank, N.A. The Dillard’s Mastercard is issued by Citibank, N.A., pursuant to 

a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a 

trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. 

DDRTC 0724
--
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping and Delivery
What are your shipping charges?
Orders with merchandise totaling $150 and over delivered to addresses in the Continental United States qualify for Free Standard Shipping on non-additional clearance sale days.

Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service and ordered before 12PM CST (noon) are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Expedited or Next Business Day orders placed on Friday after 12PM CST (noon), Saturday, Sunday or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery within two business days for Expedited and one business day for Next Business Day service after shipping. Expedited shipping and Next Business Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or to U.S. Territories. Shipping charges are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address. The following charges will apply to your order:

CONTINENTAL U.S.
Merchandise Total	Standard	Expedited	Next Business Day
Up to $149.99	$9.95	$20	$30
$150 and Up	Free*	$20	$30
CONTINENTAL U.S.-P.O.BOX/ APO/ FPO
Merchandise Total	Standard	Expedited	Next Business Day
Up to $149.99	$9.95	Not Available	Not Available
$150 and Up	Free*	Not Available	Not Available
ALASKA, HAWAII, U.S. TERRITORIES
Standard	Expedited	Next Business Day
$25	Not Available	Not Available
Items, including certain electronics that are very large or fragile may include an additional shipping charge. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.

Dillard's does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol based products via Expedited delivery, Next Business Day delivery or to P.O. boxes, military facilities or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery for the shipment of these items.

Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses?
Yes, we do ship to APO/FPO addresses. However, due to restrictions at those postal facilities, we are unable to ship oversized or heavy items. We also cannot offer Expedited or Next Business Day shipping to these locations. Please allow 2-8 weeks for delivery.


How will my order ship?
Our service providers are FedEx and USPS. The carrier will be determined by the service available for your "ship to" location and the method of delivery (Standard, Expedited or Next Business Day) you select. When your order ships, you will receive an email that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. You will also receive an email when your purchase has been delivered. For more information about shipping, please refer to our Shipping Policy.

Does Dillard's offer In Store or Curbside Pickup?

Yes, most items on Dillards.com are available for both pickup in store and curbside pickup. See restrictions below:

The orders must total $50 or more (the only exception is cosmetic merchandise, which can be less than $50).
The order cannot include a Gift Card.
Merchandise cannot be more than 41% off the original price.
All orders for china and stemware will be shipped from the warehouse to the store for pickup.
The In Store Pickup option isn't available for customers shopping on Dillards.com International site.
The option will display on the shipping section of checkout for merchandise available for Curbside or In Store Pickup. Simply select your preferred location from a list of States/Cities/Stores.

You will be charged for the merchandise when you receive the email that your merchandise is ready to be picked up or when the merchandise is shipped from the warehouse. There will be no fee for this service.

When the merchandise is available for pick up, you will be notified via email or text message. Orders may be picked up during regular store hours in the Customer Service/Gift Wrap area of your pickup store. You will need the email containing the barcode you received stating the merchandise is ready to be picked up.

If an item becomes unavailable in store after your order is placed you will receive an email with your options.


What should I expect when using Curbside Pickup?
You will receive an email letting you know we received your order (this does not indicate the order is ready for pickup).
You will receive another email when your order is ready for pickup.
Look for an email titled "Your order is ready for pickup." This email will include pickup instructions.
The individual picking up your order will present this email to an associate in the Order Pickup Area
You will then have 10 days to claim your order in store.
Merchandise may not be available the same day the order is created.
Orders
How can I check on my order?
You may check the status of your order online. Click Check Order Status here or at the bottom of any page and enter your order number and billing phone number to view details of a specific order.

To see a list of all orders placed, click Check Order Status and log in with your email address and password. You can also view your order history on the My Account page. Simply click My Account located on the top right side of any page. Within your order history you can click on a specific order to view details. If you have questions about your order, contact us or call 1-800-DILLARD. We provide a reference number on our status emails and online in Order Status that can be used to track your order once it has been shipped.

What if I need to cancel my order?
We can cancel your order if we received your request prior to the creation of a shipping label. Once a shipping label has been created, an order cannot be canceled, but the order may be returned to us or to any Dillard’s store location. Please click here to enter your order number and billing phone number to see if your order is able to be canceled. The following items are non-returnable: (1) clearance merchandise marked down 65% or more; (2) merchandise on sale with an additional discount, e.g. items marked down 25% plus an additional 30-50% discount for a limited time; and (3) personalized merchandise. The foregoing limitations on returns to not apply to merchandise that is damaged, defective or shipped in error. Refund processing times vary by banking institution. Typically, refunds will reflect on your account within 5-10 business days.

Do you offer Price Adjustments or Price Matching?
No. Dillards does not offer price adjustments or price matching.

gift boxDo you offer Gift Wrap?
Yes. Wedding Registry purchases are packaged in a complimentary white gift box. For all other purchases we offer gift wrap options at $9 per item.

What types of payment do you accept for online purchases?
We accept the following payment types: Dillard's Credit Card, Dillard's MasterCard, Gift Card/eGift Card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal®, and Afterpay. We can only accept one credit card type and number per order and only cards issued in the U.S. However, we do accept Gift Card(s) in combination with a Dillard's Credit Card or PayPal®.

How do I contact Dillard's Customer Service and what are their hours?
Call 1-800-DILLARD. Dillard's Customer Service hours are: Monday through Friday 7AM to 9PM (CST), Saturday through Sunday 9AM to 7PM (CST).

Do I have to pay tax on my order?
Sales tax is applied to your order, based on the order's "ship to" address, in accordance with the jurisdiction's laws. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well.

Shopping Account Information
How do I create a Dillards.com account?
You can create a Dillards.com account by clicking on any of the following links:

Create An Account at the top of any page
LOGIN at the top of any page
During the checkout process
Are you required to have a Dillards.com account to purchase on your site?
No, you do not. You can shop as frequently as you like as a "guest customer", but we hope that you will choose to create a Dillards.com account. The benefits include: Quick Checkout, Wish Lists, Managing eGift Cards and Order History / Order Tracking.

What if I forget my password or need to reset it?
If you forget your password, you will need to reset it. To do this, click on the Forgot Your Password? link at any location where you log in.

After clicking the link, proceed by entering your email address that is on file with Dillards.com and submit the form. Please submit the form only ONCE and wait for the password reset email to be sent to you.
If you have not received the email after 15 minutes, please verify you entered your email address correctly and submit the form again. Note that if you do not have a Dillards.com account, one can be created by clicking Create An Account.
Once you have received the reset password email, proceed by clicking the link in the email. If you have reset your password multiple times you MUST use the link in the most recent email.
Once you are on the reset password page, enter a new, valid password. Valid passwords include: 8-16 characters, at least one lower case letter, at least one upper case letter and at least one number. Note that this page is intended for resetting your password and other page functions may not work normally.
Please contact us if you are still having trouble resetting your password after completing these steps.

How do I change my Dillards.com account profile?
You can do this any time by clicking LOGIN at the top of page. After you enter your login information, click My Personal Information and/or My Quick Checkout Profile from the MY DILLARD'S drop down menu.

Can I see my eReceipts electronically without getting them sent by email?
If you are a registered shopper on Dillards.com, you can click My Account at the top of any page (while logged in), and then click My Dillard's Account. Web Orders (pending and completed) and Store Orders (made at a Dillard's store) are located under Order History. Click on the transaction number to see a copy of the receipt.

Gift Cards
Do you have Gift Cards?
Yes. Gift Cards are shipped U.S. First Class Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is a $20.00 charge for Next Business Day Delivery. Orders requesting Next Business Day service and ordered before 12PM CST (noon) are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Next Business Day orders placed on Friday after 12PM CST (noon), Saturday, Sunday or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery within one business day for Next Business Day service after shipping. Next Business Day shipping is not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or to U.S. Territories.

Gift Cards may be used for purchases in any of our stores or on Dillards.com. You cannot use a Gift Card to purchase a Gift Card or eGift Card. Gift cards cannot be redeemed for cash or used to pay your Dillard's bill.

For your security, we can only accept gift cards with a PIN. To replace a card that does not have a pin you may either:

Bring your card to customer service at your nearest Dillard’s store, and we’ll replace it while you’re there.
Mail your card to (Dillard's P.O. Box 486 2nd Floor Little Rock, AR 72203 Attn: Card Exchange) and we’ll send you a new card within 3 business days.
You can check your balance online, call 1-800-DILLARD, or ask any store associate for assistance.

If your card is lost or stolen call 1-800-DILLARD or contact any Dillard's store to report a lost or stolen Gift Card. In either case, you must have the Gift Card number.

Do you sell Electronic Gift Cards?
Yes and they are available for sale on Dillards.com. Our eGift Card selection can be accessed by clicking Gift Cards at the bottom of any page. eGift cards are available in amounts from $10 to $500. eGift Cards will be emailed within 24-48 hours and are subject to credit approval/authorization.

eGift Cards can be used on Dillards.com or for purchases in any of our stores. You cannot use a eGift Card to purchase a eGift Card or Gift Card. The PIN on your printed eGift Card will only be necessary if someone other than yourself uses the gift card to make a purchase online.

eGift Cards must be activated before using. After receiving the email announcing your eGift Card:

Click the Activate button in the email.
If you have a Dillards.com account, enter your personal information and log in.
If you do not have an account, click Create an Account and enter your personal information.
You must have a Dillards.com account to redeem an eGift Card. eGift Card funds will automatically apply to your account once you log in to your Dillards.com account.

You can view your card via Manage eGift Card option on the My Dillard’s Account menu. To access this page select the MY DILLARD's dropdown at the top of any page. Check your balance online, call 1-800-DILLARD or an associate at any store can give you that information.

When returning a purchase made with a eGift Card Company policy is that the value of the returning eGift Card purchases must always be placed on traditional gift cards.

Dillard's Credit Card and Dillard's Reward Program
How can I learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards and Dillard's Rewards Program?
To learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards/Dillard's Rewards Program, please visit Dillards.com/RewardsProgram.

How do I reach Elite member status? What are the benefits of being an Elite Cardmember?
To learn more about the Elite Member status, please visit Dillards.com/CardElite.

Company and Store Locations
How do I find the Dillard's store closest to me?
Click Store Locator at the bottom of any page. Click a state to find stores closest to you.

Does Dillard's offer alterations?
Dillards.com does not offer alterations. However, all stores offer free alterations on full priced tailored men's items and unfinished pant bottoms. There is a fee required for all men's tailored items that are on sale and anything ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is limited to the following: coats - sleeves; pant bottoms - plain/cuff; and skirts/dresses - hem, sleeves and straps. For more information regarding our alteration services, contact your nearest store.

Is Dillard's affiliated with any other retail companies?
We are not affiliated with any other retailers and all of our store locations do business as Dillard's. We have acquired several other retail chains over the years, but all of them are now Dillard's stores.

What is Dillard's Stock Symbol?
Dillard's stock is traded over the New York Stock Exchange. The ticker symbol is DDS.

What is the address and phone number of the corporate office?
Our corporate offices are located in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Corporate Headquarters Address:

  1600 Cantrell Road

  Little Rock, AR 72201

Mailing Address:

   Post Office Box 486

   Little Rock, AR 72203

Phone Number:

   (501)376-5200

How can I find out about Career Opportunities with Dillard's?
Dillard's Stores, Distribution Centers, Buying Offices, and the Corporate Headquarters post their job openings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). You can click on Dillard's Careers at the bottom of any page to view our openings or visit any store and complete an application. You must be at least 18 years of age to apply. We are an EEOC employer.

General Information
What if I have a question or need information?
If you have a question or need information not included in our Frequently Asked Questions, you can email us at questions@dillards.com. We try to answer all inquiries within 24 hours.

How can I learn more about accessibility on Dillards.com?
Dillard's desires to provide a positive customer experience for all of our customers, and we aim to promote accessibility and inclusion. For more information on our ongoing accessibility efforts, please review our accessibility statement.

What if I am allergic to fragrance strips in catalogs and statement enclosures?
Send an email to questions@dillards.com letting us know that you do not wish to receive the fragrance strips. Our Marketing Department will remove them for you.

Do you participate in state tax holidays?
We post a banner at the top of the page when there is a sales tax holiday in your area. Sales tax discount will be reflected on emailed receipt. For any additional questions, please visit your state's tax website.

Product Recalls
You can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov for more information on recalls.

UPPAbaby All-Terrain RIDGE Jogging Stroller
Maxi Cosi GIA XP Travel System
Vitamix 8-Ounce Blending Bowls, 20 Ounce Blending Cups & Blade Bases
Registry Frequently Asked Questions
Why register with Dillard’s?
It's a great gift to give your wedding guests! It eliminates the guesswork and worry for the ones you love. It assures your family and friends they are giving you a gift you'll cherish.

What items should we include on our registry?
Register for items that you want and need based on your lifestyle. Think about adding items that you will use not just now, but years from now. Use our wedding registry checklist to make sure you have checked off all the essentials.

Is it best to stay within a particular price range for requested items?
Register for items in every price range. The budgets of your guests will vary and you want everyone to have multiple options. Don’t forget to register for a few items you can receive from a group.

If we register online, can we update our registry in store?
Yes, just let an associate in the home department know you would like to update your registry.

If we registered in store, can we update online?
Yes! You can add and delete items on your registry on Dillards.com by logging in to your registry. If you need help logging in, please contact 1-800-DILLARD.

How long will our registry be available?
Your registry will be available for 18 months after your event date. Please be sure to update your mailing/shipping address if there are any changes during this time.

Do you have a Registry Completion program?
Yes! Our completion program allows you to purchase most of the remaining items on your wedding registry at 20% off the regular everyday low price. Offer available in store only, contact a store associate for details.

What about Shipping & Delivery?
Every registry must have a delivery friendly address within the United States. Extra shipping charges apply on gifts sent to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories. Please update your shipping address before and after your events so gifts will be delivered right where you want them. Dillard's uses USPS and FedEx, determined by the service offered in your 'ship-to' area and the method of delivery (standard or expedited) the customer selects.

Many dinnerware and stemware patterns are stocked in our Distribution Center. After the order is processed, on hand items should be delivered within 7 to 10 working days while other items will be ordered from the manufacturer. Your registry will indicate items that will be ordered from the manufacturer.

Keep in mind that many of the fine products you register for are handmade and can take from 12 to 16 weeks to receive. Many of the specialty items are only made once or twice a year. You will receive a gift announcement card in the mail with shipping status when manufacturer ordered items have been purchased for you.

Guests may order multiple items that we "split" and ship separately from different locations with part of the merchandise to follow at a later date. Save the paperwork that comes with your deliveries and check it against your Gift Announcement cards or emails. Your saved paperwork will help us answer any questions you might have.

Can I return my registry gifts?
After your wedding day contact a Dillard's store within 30 days to make returns. It's a good idea to make an appointment so we can provide you with the best possible service. When you arrive, let us know if you need assistance with heavy or multiple items.

Dillard's does NOT refund cash for registry returns. It is our policy to refund cash ONLY if the customer has a Dillard's cash receipt. If you have a store credit after your returns and new purchases, we will issue the amount on a Dillard's Gift Card for you to use to purchase merchandise in any Dillard's store or online. A Registry Gift Card cannot be used as a payment or applied to your Dillard's account or any other charge account.

Proof of purchase or POP labels accompany every item sold to help us track sales and returns.Items purchased in stores have the yellow POP label physically attached. Items sent from our distribution centers have the POP information on the packing insert. Leave the POP label on or with the item until you complete all your returns.Identification may be required to facilitate some returns.

If you have any questions or need assistance with a damaged item call 1-800-DILLARD. Please keep any shipping and packing information to help with replacements.

Where can I find my Gift Order History?
Your Gift Order History is located in your Online Management Center. It includes a list of the items purchased through your registry, the date of purchase, and in most cases the name of the purchaser. Use your Gift Order History to manage those all-important Thank You notes Viewing is completely optional. Purchased items are updated to this list daily. You may prefer to access your Gift Order History only after all gifts are opened.

Do I have to add gift cards to my registry?
It's not necessary to add gift cards to your registry; we've done it for you!

Do I need a Dillards.com account for my registry?
A Dillards.com account must be created before creating or managing your registry.

Company Notices & Terms of Use
Dillard's Terms of Use
IMPORTANT: THESE TERMS OF USE REQUIRE THE BINDING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES AND WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS TO JURY TRIALS AND/OR CLASS ACTIONS, AS STATED IN SECTION 16, “DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION”, BELOW. IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. These Terms of Use incorporate by reference the Privacy Policy.

   General Terms. The terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Dillard’s Inc. and all affiliates, subsidiaries, and related entities (collectively, "Dillard's"). Dillard’s offers this website and its mobile app (collectively, the "Site"), including all information, tools, and services available from this Site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
1.1   By Use, You Consent to these Terms of Use. By visiting or shopping on this Site, among other things, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”). The Terms of Use include additional terms, conditions, and policies referenced in this document or available by hyperlink. The Terms of Use apply to, among others, all users of the Site, including users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before visiting, shopping on, or otherwise using our Site or agreeing to be bound. By using any part of the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use without modification of any kind. If you do not agree to any and all of our Terms of Use as set forth below, then you may not use the Site or any Service.
This Site is intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard’s.
The headings are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms of Use.
1.2   No Unauthorized Use. You may not amend, copy, distribute, send, display, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or sources from this Site without our advance written permission. No rights or interests in any downloaded materials are transferred to you as a result of your downloading, copying, or printing any such materials
1.3   Updates to the Terms of Use and the Site. Dillard’s reserves the right to update, delete, replace, or otherwise change all or any part of these Terms of Use by posting such changes to the Site, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site at any time. Any modifications to this Site will also be subject to these Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to review the changes. Your continued use of or visit to the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
1.4   No Illegal Use. You may not use this Site or our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
1.5   Consequence of Breach. A breach or violation of any of the Terms of Use will result in an immediate termination of your access to this Site and your right to utilize the Services. We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time.
1.6   COPPA Compliance. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard’s does not promote online to children and does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use a parent’s email address in order to receive email updates.
  Privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy which also relates to your use of the Services, to understand our privacy practices. The Privacy Policy is expressly incorporated in these Terms of Use.
  Online Store Terms of Use.
3.1   Product Displays and Descriptions. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All descriptions of products are subject to change at any time without notice, in our sole discretion.
3.2   Pricing. Dillard’s is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the prices on this Site will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Prices shown on this Site expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.
3.3   Tax. Dillard’s operates in various states throughout the United States. Sales tax will be applied to your order, based on the order’s “ship-to” address, in accordance with the laws in that jurisdiction. Some states also require us to apply tax on delivery or gift wrap charges. All applicable taxes will be clearly displayed on your order at order completion time. Tax rates are subject to change at any time.
3.4   Orders. Before you submit your order, you will be given the opportunity to review your selections, check the total price of your order, and correct any input errors. All information on the Site is an invitation only and is not an offer or unilateral contract. Your order represents an offer by you to purchase the selected merchandise.
(a)   We will acknowledge receipt of your order without delay by sending an electronic confirmation or email. Please note, however, that such confirmation or email does not constitute acceptance of your order. No contract with respect of any of our merchandise exists between you and us until your order has been expressly accepted by us. If we do not accept your offer and funds have already been deducted from your account, the funds will be fully refunded.
(b)   All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail or text message that confirms that the merchandise has been shipped (the “Shipment Confirmation”). A contract for the purchase of a product between you and us (a “Contract”) will only be formed once we send you the Shipment Confirmation. The Contract will relate only to the products that have been shipped as confirmed by the Shipment Confirmation. We will not be bound to supply any other product which may have been part of your order until the shipment of such product has been confirmed in a separate email or text message.
(c)   The risk of loss and title to the product(s) pass to you once we deliver your item(s) to the carrier.
3.5   Limitations and Refusals of Orders. We reserve the right from time to time to limit the sales of our merchandise or Services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any merchandise or services that we offer. We reserve the right to discontinue any merchandise at any time. Any offer for any merchandise or service made on this Site is void where prohibited by applicable law.
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per credit or debit card, per household, or per order. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
3.6   Availability. Certain products or services may be available only at certain stores or exclusively online through the Site. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return only according to our Online Return Policy described in Section 4.2. Occasionally, orders for an item exceeding our supply are received. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be notified and your credit/debit card or PayPal® account, as applicable, will not be charged.
3.7   Payment. Your credit/debit card or PayPal® account will be charged at the time the order is placed. To place an order you must confirm to us the name that appears on the card or account to be charged, the card or account number, the expiry date of the card, and the card security code. We will use our best efforts to keep all credit/debit card or account information strictly confidential. We will never intentionally share such information without your express permission.
Please note that the billing address for your account must be the exact same address as the one registered for the credit or debit card you use for payment, as some banks use AVS (Address Verification System).
If any sum due from you cannot be charged to your card or account for any reason (including due to a “stop payment” request or refusal by the issuer of the card), the sale will be cancelled immediately.
Dillards.com offers Installments by Afterpay. For details, please reference the frequently asked questions below.
What is Installments by Afterpay? Installments by Afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in four payments made every 2 weeks without any interest.
How do I use Installments by Afterpay? Simply shop online and add items to your shopping bag and checkout as normal. At the checkout choose Installments by Afterpay as your payment method. First-time customers will need to register with Afterpay and provide payment details, and returning customers simply log in to make their purchase. It’s that easy!
Please note that all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for Installments by Afterpay. A minimum purchase amount may apply and you must meet additional eligibility requirements to qualify.
Where can I use Installments by Afterpay? Installments by Afterpay can only be applied to purchases made on Dillards.com.
Can I use Installments by Afterpay if I’m an international customer? Afterpay is only offered to our customers who have a US billing address, US shipping address, a US Visa or Mastercard or American Express (credit or debit card), and a US mobile phone number. Customers with international billing addresses, shipping addresses, and/or phone numbers will not be able to set up an account with Afterpay.
How does the payment schedule work? All customers are required to make their first payment at the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment method. If you choose to make additional payments before your scheduled pay dates, you may do so through your Afterpay account.
You can log in to your Afterpay account to view your payment schedule and make a payment before the due date if you choose to do so.
Where can I find common questions about payments? Check out the Afterpay Payments FAQ.
When will my items be delivered if I use Installments by Afterpay? Afterpay orders are delivered as per our standard shipping time frame after you complete your order online.
Visit our shipping page for more information.
Is there a limit to how much I can spend on a single transaction? Yes, transaction value limits apply to purchases made on Dillards.com using Installments by Afterpay.
What products are not eligible for purchase using Installments by Afterpay? Afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. If you are purchasing gift cards along with Afterpay eligible products, you will need to place two separate orders.
How do I return an item purchased using Installments by Afterpay? If you have changed your mind, you can return your Afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. Please check that your return meets our return policy. Please do not return your purchase to Afterpay.
Note: Merchandise purchased using Afterpay and returned will be issued a Dillard's gift card or credited back to your Afterpay account for the purchase price.
If you believe there is fault or concern with your Afterpay purchase payment, please contact Afterpay customer support at info@afterpay.com
What if I can’t pay an Afterpay installment? If funds are not available or you otherwise do not make your payment when it is due, late fees may apply. Click here for complete terms.
Where can I find out more about Afterpay? If you would like to know more about Afterpay, visit the Afterpay website www.afterpay.com for a comprehensive list of FAQs, terms, purchase payment agreement, as well as Afterpay’s Privacy Policy which can be found at https;//www.afterpay.com/privacy.policy.
If you have any questions about your Afterpay account, please contact Afterpay directly via a web form found here.
3.8   Delivery.
(a)   Carriers. Our shipping service providers are FedEx and USPS. We choose the carrier based upon the service available for your ship-to location and the method of delivery (e.g. standard, expedited or next business day) you select.
(b)   Processing Times. Delivery times do not include processing time. Processing time for in stock items is approximately two business days. If the merchandise is not in stock, you will receive an email notification regarding any related delays.
(c)   Delivery Times. Standard delivery time is three to five business days after shipping. Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service ordered prior to 12:00 pm Central time on Monday through Friday are shipped the same day. Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service ordered on Monday through Friday after 12:00 pm Central time, or on Saturday, Sunday, or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery in two business days for Expedited service and one business day for Next Business Day service after shipping. Expedited shipping and Next Business Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or U.S. Territories.
Please allow two to eight weeks for delivery to APO/FPO addresses. Please note that due to restrictions at APO/FPO postal facilities, we are unable to ship over sized or heavy items to APO/FPO addresses.
(d)   Notifications. When your order ships, we will send you an email notification that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. We will also send an email notification when your purchase has been delivered.
(e)   Shipping Fees. Shipping fees are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address.
(f)   Multiple Shipments. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.
(g)   Shipping Restrictions. Dillard’s does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol-based merchandise via Expedited service, Next Business Day service or to P.O. boxes, military facilities, or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery service for the shipment of these items.
1.   Standard Shipping Fees. The following fees will apply to your order, as applicable:
CONTINENTAL U.S.
Merchandise Total	Standard	Expedited	Next Business Day
Up to $149.99	$9.95	$20	$30
$150 and Up	Free*	$20	$30
CONTINENTAL U.S.-P.O.BOX/ APO/ FPO
Merchandise Total	Standard	Expedited	Next Business Day
Up to $149.99	$9.95	Not Available	Not Available
$150 and Up	Free*	Not Available	Not Available
ALASKA, HAWAII, U.S. TERRITORIES
Standard	Expedited	Next Business Day
$25	Not Available	Not Available
2.   Free Shipping. Free Standard shipping on orders with merchandise totaling $150 and over is available if the order is placed on a non-additional clearance sale day.
3.   Additional Shipping Fees. Items that are very large or fragile, including without limitation certain electronic items, may include an additional shipping charge.
   Returns. We trust you will be satisfied with your Dillard’s purchase. However, should you decide the merchandise is not satisfactory, click here to see Dillard’s return policy.
   Billing and Account Information. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made on this Site. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and debit or credit card numbers.
   Changes to the Site. Occasionally there may be information on our Site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to merchandise descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, merchandise shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend, or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by applicable law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website has been modified or updated.

  Intellectual Property. All content of this Site, including, but not limited to, artwork, graphics, images, illustrations, photographs, text, video, audio clips, logos, and designs are the sole and exclusive intellectual property of Dillard’s or third parties who have licensed the materials to us. All content is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries, including without limitation laws that restrict the copy, distribution, publishing, or transmission of such content. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal and no portion of this Site may be copied, distributed, published, or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard’s.
Users of this Site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard’s, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.

All of this Site’s content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard’s, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.

  Third-Party Content. Certain content, merchandise and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this Site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us, and once you click such links, you are leaving this Site. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of information provided by these third-party sites and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or sites. We do not endorse these sites or the materials, products, or services of third-parties and hereby disclaim any warranty as to the content of any third-party site linked to this Site.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party sites. Please exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any such site and carefully review the third-party’s terms of use before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the appropriate third-party and not Dillard’s.

  Supply Chain Transparency. For information on Dillard’s efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains, please review our Supply Chain Transparency Policy.
  User Comments, Feedback and other Submissions.
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or, without a request from us, you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, texts, music, sounds, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, “Comments”), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any Comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any Comments. By submitting Comments and materials to this Site, you hereby automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such Comments and materials has expressly granted to us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive license to (a) use, modify, license, sell, reproduce, adopt, publish, translate and distribute any or all of such Comments and materials worldwide, and (b) to incorporate such Comments and materials in other works in any form, media or technology now or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such materials without any obligation to further notify you of such use or to compensate you or any third party.

We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion is unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or that is otherwise objectionable or which content violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Use.

You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service, this Site, or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than you, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for any Comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments posted by you or any third-party.

  Prohibited Uses of the Site.
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the Site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of these prohibited uses.

  Disclaimer of Warranties.
The material contained on this Site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either express or implied. Dillard’s will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this Site’s content. The material on this Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the information on this Site is at your own risk.

You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and service delivered to you through the Service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

  Limitation of Liability.
In no case shall Dillard’s or our directors, officers, employees, partners, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, subcontractors or licensors (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this Site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of the Service or any products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of this possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

  Delay or Failure to Perform. We will not be liable to you if we are prevented or delayed in the performance of any of our obligations to you if due to any cause beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation: an act of God, explosion, flood, fire or accident; war or civil disturbance; strike, industrial action, or stoppages of work; any form of government intervention; a third party act or omission; failure of our supplier(s); or your failure to give us a correct delivery address or notify us of any change of address
We will use reasonable efforts to inform you of any such unforeseen event within seven days of its occurrence. Should the interruption continue beyond a period of 14 days after notice to you, you will be entitled to cancel the order and a refund will be made in accordance with these Terms of Use.

  Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dillard’s and the other Indemnified Parties harmless from any injury, from any loss, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
  Dispute Resolution and Arbitration.
This section limits certain rights—including the right to maintain a court action, the right to a jury trial, the right to participate in any form of class or representative claim, the right to statutorily imposed limitations periods, the right to engage in discovery except as provided in applicable American Arbitration Association ("AAA") rules, the right to certain remedies and forms of relief, and the right to court review of any award—that may not be available in arbitration.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute or claim (whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other statutory or common law legal theory) arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms of Use, your visit to the Site, your relationship with Dillard's, or to any purchase, return or other transaction with Dillard’s (including claims relating to Dillard’s advertisements and disclosures, email and mobile SMS messages sent by Dillard’s, or Dillard’s collection or use of your information) (“Dispute”) shall be resolved through binding arbitration, rather than in court. Dispute shall be interpreted broadly and includes claims that arose before the existence of these Terms of Use or claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Dillard’s: (1) may elect to have a Dispute heard in small claims court seeking individualized relief, so long as the Dispute falls within the jurisdictional limits of small claims court and that action remains in small claims court and is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction or (2) may bring suit to enforce intellectual property rights exclusively in any state or federal court in the state of Arkansas, rather than through arbitration, provided you or Dillard’s has a reasonable basis to believe that the other party has violated or threatened to violate the other party’s intellectual property rights.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, any cause of action or claim you may have must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or it is waived and time-barred.

The Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA") and federal arbitration law apply to these Terms of Use. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief as addressed below, and must follow the terms of these Terms of Use as a court would.

16(a): Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process.

Any party who intends to seek arbitration must first provide to the other party a written notice of the Dispute (“Notice”), describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute, the claims asserted, and the specific relief sought and the calculation for it, and including any supporting documentation and information sufficient to identify any transaction at issue. If you are providing the Notice, it must be personally signed by you and mailed via certified or registered mail to Dillard’s as set forth in section 17 below. If Dillard's is providing the Notice, it will be mailed to you at your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile. You and Dillard's agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to reach a resolution of the Dispute in connection with this mandatory informal dispute resolution process. Should Dillard's request an individualized telephone conference with you in an effort to facilitate a resolution, you agree that you will personally appear (with your counsel if you are respresented). The Dispute should be resolved to your satisfaction as part of this process, but if for some reason that is not the case within 60 days after your or our receipt of a fully completed Notice (absent agreement of the parties to extend this period), then either party may commence arbitration.

Compliance with this informal process is a condition precedent to filing a demand for arbitration. Any applicable statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in this required process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations based on non- compliance with this condition precedent. A party will also retain the right to raise non- compliance in connection with an arbitration.

16(b): Arbitration Process.

Any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), adr.org, 1.800.778.7879, and pursuant to the then applicable AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures (“AAA Rules”) as modified by this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section. A demand for arbitration must be accompanied by a certification of completion of the informal dispute resolution process. Your demand for arbitration must be personally signed by you. If AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer an arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section as written, the parties shall agree on a substitute arbitration organization that will administer the arbitration consistent with this Section. If the parties cannot agree on a substitute organization, they shall mutually petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an arbitration organization that will administer the arbitration consistent with this Section.

Payment of arbitration fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules. If the arbitrator finds that a claim was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or for the purpose of harassment, the arbitrator may award fees and expenses. In addressing this determination, the arbitrator may consider, among other things, whether a party previously offered full relief to the other party, including a refund of any applicable purchase price. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned opinion in connection with the awards with the essential findings of law and fact. The provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 shall apply and be enforced by the arbitrator after the issuance of an award. The arbitration award shall be binding only between the parties and shall have no preclusive effect in other arbitrations or proceedings involving different claimants.

Subject to the AAA Rules, you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, in person in the county where you live, or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitration shall be conducted by a single neutral arbitrator.

Except as specifically provided in this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including but not limited to issues related to scope and enforceability. The arbitrator is bound by these Terms of Use as a court would be.

16(c): Class Action Waiver; Individual Relief; Venue; Jury Trial Waiver.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND DILLARD’S AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS (ARBITRATION OR LITIGATION) WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE A MEMBER OF ANY PUTATIVE OR ACTUAL CLASS IN A CLASS ACTION BROUGHT BY ANYONE ELSE, NOR WILL YOU SEEK TO BECOME A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF (INCLUDING DECLARATORY OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF AS TO THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT AWARD RELIEF FOR OR AGAINST ANYONE WHO IS NOT A PARTY TO THE PROCEEDING. IF ANY PORTION OF THIS PARAGRAPH IS FOUND TO BE VOID OR UNENFORCEABLE AS TO A PARTICULAR CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF (SUCH AS A REQUEST FOR PUBLIC INJUNCTIVE RELIEF) AND ALL APPEALS HAVE BEEN EXHAUSTED OR THE DECISION IS OTHERWISE FINAL, THEN THAT CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF (AND ONLY THAT CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF) SHALL BE RESOLVED IN FEDERAL COURT IN ARKANSAS RATHER THAN IN ARBITRATION AND ONLY AFTER ARBITRATION OF ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF. IF THERE IS NO FEDERAL JURISDICTION, THE RESOLUTION OF THAT CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF SHALL BE RESOLVED IN ARKANSAS STATE COURT ONLY AFTER ARBITRATION OF ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND DILLARD’S EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

16(d): Additional Procedures Applicable to Mass Arbitrations.

The additional procedures set forth in this paragraph shall apply in the event that you or your counsel elect to resolve your Dispute in connection with 25 or more similar claims against Dillard’s brought by the same or coordinated counsel (“Mass Arbitrations”). You agree that if your Dispute is part of Mass Arbitrations, the adjudication of your Dispute might be delayed. The Mass Arbitrations, including your Dispute, shall be subject to a staged bellwether process and AAA’s Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule shall apply. Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Dillard’s shall each select 15 demands for arbitration (per side) (a total of 30 demands for arbitration) to be filed in and to proceed in arbitration in bellwether proceedings to be adjudicated individually (with a different arbitrator for each arbitration). In the meantime, no other demands for arbitration shall be filed, processed, or deemed filed. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining Mass Arbitrations after the conclusion of the first set of bellwether proceedings, each side may select 15 demands for arbitration (per side) (a total of up to 30 demands for arbitration) to be filed in and to proceed in arbitration in a second set of bellwether proceedings to be adjudicated individually (with a different arbitrator for each arbitration). In the meantime, no other demands for arbitration shall be filed, processed, or deemed filed. This process shall continue in subsequent sets of staged bellwether proceedings consistent with the process outlined above until the parties are able to adjudicate or resolve all remaining claims. Any applicable of statutes of limitations shall be tolled from the time the first demands for arbitration are selected for the first set of bellwether proceedings until a demand for arbitration is selected as part of a set of bellwether proceedings, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved. A court shall have the authority to enforce these Additional Procedures Applicable to Mass Arbitrations and, if necessary, to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations.

16(e): Survival and Modifications.

This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section will survive after the Terms of Use terminate or your use of the Site ends. Notwithstanding any provision of these Terms of Use to the contrary, any modifications to this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section will not apply to any Dispute to which notice has been provided by Dillard’s or you to the other party.

  Contact. Inquiries regarding these Terms of Use may be directed to:
   Dillard's, Inc.

   Attn: Legal Dept.

   1600 Cantrell Road

   Little Rock, AR 72201

  Severability. Except as otherwise specifically provided, in the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use.
  Termination. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination of these Terms of Use date shall survive the termination of these Terms of Use for all purposes. These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our Site, whichever occurs first.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and accordingly we may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).

  Entire Agreement. These Terms of Use, including the documents referenced herein and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this Site or in respect to the Service, contain the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of our Site and the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use). These Terms of Use will be binding upon each party and its successors and permitted assigns. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms of Use will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. No agency, partnership, joint venture, and/or employer/employee relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Use. Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party
  Governing Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the FAA, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of Arkansas. As set forth above, all Disputes shall be resolved through binding individual arbitration or small claims court. To the extent any matter proceeds in court (other than small claims court), the parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of Arkansas federal and state courts located in Pulaski County, Arkansas.
  Dillard’s Mastercard®. The Dillard’s Mastercard® is issued and administered by Citibank, N.A., pursuant to a license from Mastercard. Mastercard is a federally registered service mark of Mastercard.
Consumer Protection Alert
We are aware of accounts on social media sites misrepresenting Dillard's by using “Dillard's” in their titles/handles/imaging//account names. They are using these infringing posts and accounts to promote various products, including designer items such as handbags and/or totes, and advertise fictitious sales of said merchandise. Some of the social media accounts appear to process orders, which may lead to confusion with customers thinking they are ordering directly from Dillard's when they are not. Additionally, these false accounts and websites may redirect customers to deceptive and malicious websites or may be used for phishing activity.

These social media accounts are not sponsored by or affiliated with Dillard's in any way. Please be sure you are on an official Dillard's social media account before ordering or providing any personal information.

If you have clicked on any links and/or provided any personal information, we recommend you take all necessary precautions to safeguard your personal and financial information. You may wish to contact a credit reporting agency or your bank.

California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Dillard's California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010

The following describes Dillard’s, Inc.’s (“Dillard’s”) efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard’s:

Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy;
Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard’s to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details;
Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard’s requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard’s was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws;
Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details; and
Provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery and risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Chat | Feedback
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQ, Notices & Policies
Product Recalls
Returns
Chat | FeedbackOpens chat/feedback modal
Dillard's Credit Card
Apply for a Dillard's CardApply for a Dillard's Card
Pay Bill / View Credit AccountOpens a simulated dialog
Dillard's Cardholder BenefitsDillard's Cardholder Benefits
