https://www.freetaxusa.com/terms
Terms of Use
Last Updated: 10/31/2024
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") are entered into by you and TaxHawk, Inc. (“TaxHawk”, “we” or “us”) concerning your access to and use of the www.FreeTaxUSA.com website. The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, "Terms of Use"), govern your access to and use of the website, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through, and any other media form, media channel, mobile application linked, or otherwise connected to www.FreeTaxUSA.com (collectively, the "Website"). By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at https://www.FreeTaxUSA.com/privacy, incorporated herein by reference.

Terms of Use Acceptance
TaxHawk reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use or any of the Products and Services offered via this Website, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of and agreement to all such changes.

Description of Products and Services
Via the Website, TaxHawk provides its Users with access to a variety of tax filing services for federal and state income tax returns as well as such additional services as printed tax returns, professionally bound tax returns, vault services, as well as other goods and services (all of which are referred to collectively as the "Products and Services").

This Website and the Products and Services provide users with access to a variety of on-line tax preparation goods, services and tools. With exception to the Tax Pro Product, neither the Website nor any of the other Products and Services are intended to provide specific tax advice to any individual. You are encouraged to consult your own legal and/or tax professionals or the IRS with any specific questions about your own tax return(s).

Intellectual Property Rights
The Website is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, images, and graphics and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by the TaxHawk, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

The Website and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all data, information, software, user interfaces, graphics, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) (collectively, “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned by TaxHawk, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. All Content and Marks are provided “AS IS” for your information and personal non-commercial use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, you must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the Content or Marks on our Website without our express written permission. TaxHawk hereby grants to you, the user, a personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access the Website and to utilize the Products and Services and Content for the limited and specific purpose of preparing and/or filing users' personal, state and/or federal income tax return and those specific goods and services related thereto as made available or facilitated through the Website or the Products and Services.

Prohibited Activities
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. The Website and all of the Products and Services are offered and provided solely for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative work from, transfer, or sell any information, products, goods or services obtained from or accessed via the Website. As a condition for your access to and use of the Website and the Products and Services, you hereby agree that you will not use the Website or any of the Products and Services for any purpose that is illegal, immoral, contrary to public law, abusive, threatening, harassing, or in any way which would or might violate the legal rights, such as rights of privacy, of any other individual or third-party, or in any way contrary to these Terms of Use. Without providing an exhaustive list, examples of such unlawful and/or prohibited conduct shall include the following:

Engaging in the preparation and/or filing of any fraudulent tax return-whether for yourself or another;
The use of any computer code, data mining software, automated scripts, "robot," "deep-link," "page-scrape," "spider" or other automatic device or data gathering and extraction tools, program, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Website or any of the Products or Services offered via the Website;
Transmitting any material that contains software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or any other computer code or files which may interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Website or any of the Products and Services;
Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Website, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying any of the Content or the Marks;
Sell or otherwise transfer your profile;
Impersonating anyone or assuming the identity of anyone;
Transmitting or using any information that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of TaxHawk or any third-party;
Using the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website;
Attempting to gain access to any portion or feature of the Website or any other systems or networks connected to the Website, or any of the Products and Services offered on or through the Website, by hacking, password mining or any other illegitimate or illegal means;
Attempting to gain unauthorized access, collect or store the personal data of any other users;
For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise;
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm TaxHawk or users of the Website, or expose them to liability;
Misrepresenting as an affiliate or associate of TaxHawk, Inc. and attempting to profit off services that are provided for free by TaxHawk, Inc.;
Misrepresenting as an affiliate or associate of TaxHawk Inc. and attempting to reproduce, modify, resell, license, or provide free or unauthorized access to TaxHawk, Inc. including scraping or downloading content or make TaxHawk, Inc. available on any file-sharing, virtual desktop or application hosting service; or
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
You agree that the intended purposes and functionalities offered by virtue of the Website and the Products and Services is for the preparation of your own federal and/or state tax returns, the e-filing of any such returns, and any other Products and Services specifically offered via this Website.

If your access of or use of the Website or any of the Products and Services violates the provisions of this section or any other section of these Terms of Use, your rights to access and/or use of the Website and any of the Products and Services offered thereon shall automatically terminate. In such event, TaxHawk shall have the right to take such actions as is necessary to prevent your future use and/or access to the Website and any of the Products and Services and may cooperate with any state, federal or other law enforcement and/or regulatory agency as TaxHawk deems appropriate to protect its own interests and/or the interests of other users and/or the public. You acknowledge and agree that TaxHawk shall not be responsible or liable to you or any other third party by virtue of a decision to terminate your access to and/or use of the Website and any of the Products and Services, or to cooperate with any state, federal or other law enforcement and/or regulatory agency as TaxHawk deems appropriate.

Fees
You agree to pay all fees incurred in connection with your use of this Website and any of the Products and Services accessed via the Website. TaxHawk reserves the right to change its fee structure and/or to add new fees as it shall determine. For a current listing of the fees associated with this Website and/or the Products and Services you may click on the following link: https://www.FreeTaxUSA.com/software.

Failure to pay will result in access to the Website being restricted and/or the corresponding Products and Services not being fulfilled and/or delivered.

User Account, Password, and Security
It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy (https://www.FreeTaxUSA.com/privacy), and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy. If you receive and/or utilize a password and/or account designation with regard to your use of this Website and/or any of the Products and Services offered via this Website, you agree to be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your specific password and account information, and further agree that you are fully and solely responsible for all activities that occur under your password or within your account. You agree to immediately notify TaxHawk of any unauthorized use of your password or account information or of any other breach of security. Any account you create on this Website is separate from any account created to use any TaxHawk community forums or social features. You must provide us with information that is accurate, complete and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms of Use, which will result in immediate termination of your account. TaxHawk reserves the right to remove or change a username you select if we determine that it is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise offensive. You represent and warrant that:

All registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete at all times.
You agree to keep your password confidential and will not disclose your password to any third party.
You will not use the Website for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and your use of the Website will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
Accuracy Guarantee
TaxHawk cannot and does not assume any liability, claim, or loss for any user generated errors, including but not limited to data entry errors. However, TaxHawk does offer an Accuracy Guarantee that the tax formulas and calculations accessed via any of the Products and Services offered on the Website are accurate and will produce results consistent with federal and state standards for preparing and/or filing tax returns. In the event any of the formulas and/or calculations utilized in any of the Products and Services offered by TaxHawk are incorrect, then TaxHawk will reimburse you any penalties and/or interest imposed by the Internal Revenue Service and/or your state of residence to the extent that such are imposed as a result of any such erroneous formulas and/or calculations. The Accuracy Guarantee is limited to penalties and/or interests as stated in this section and to no other amount(s).

If you believe that an above described calculation or formula error has occurred, you must notify TaxHawk as soon as you are made aware of the mistake (and in no event later than 45 days after the interest or penalty is assessed) by mail at:

TaxHawk - Accuracy Guarantee
1366 East 1120 South
Provo, UT 84606

TaxHawk will then contact you to resolve the issue. In order to investigate your issue, TaxHawk requires supporting information such as a copy of the IRS/state notice, evidence of payment of the specified penalty and/or interest, etc.

Maximum Refund Guarantee
If your refund is larger or your tax liability is smaller using a different tax filing method, we will refund any fees from using our service and provide you a service code for a free amended tax return. The refund (or liability) difference cannot be due to a difference in the data supplied, credits or deductions claimed, or other variation in preparation. Calculation errors in other methods and positions contrary to the law will not qualify as valid proof for larger refund amounts.

Community Forums, Feedback Provided by Users, and Website Content
TaxHawk may provide a community forum associated with this Website or other social features that enable you to exchange Content and information with other users of those forums or features and the public. TaxHawk provides any such forum or service separate from this Website and its Products and Services. TaxHawk does not support and is not responsible for the Content in these community forums or social features. Users of the community forum or other social features are advised of the community guidelines and agree to comply as a condition of use. Do not reveal information that you do not want to make public. Users may post hypertext links to content of third parties for which TaxHawk is not responsible.

You may provide TaxHawk with your feedback, suggestions, or ideas for this Website. You grant TaxHawk a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty-free license to use your feedback, suggestions, and ideas in any way, including in future modifications of this Website, other products or services, advertising, or marketing materials.

TaxHawk has no obligation to monitor the Community Forum Website. However, you acknowledge and agree that TaxHawk has the right to monitor the Community Forum Website and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation, or other governmental request, to monitor the security of the Community Forum Website and to detect unauthorized uses, and to protect itself and its customers. TaxHawk will not intentionally monitor or disclose any private electronic-mail message submitted via the Community Forum Website unless required by law. TaxHawk reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate, or in violation of community forum guidelines, these Terms of Use, or the Terms of Use of the community forum site.

Unless otherwise indicated for a particular communication, any communications or material of any kind that you e-mail, post or otherwise transmit through the Community Forum Website, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions ("your Communications") will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You represent and warrant that (i) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each individual in your Communications; (ii) access to your Communications do not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party; and (iii) all of your Communications do and will comply with these Terms of Use. All information posted in the community forum is public and accessible by anyone visiting the community forum page. We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of your Communications on the Community Forum Website. In addition, you understand and agree that TaxHawk is free to use any ideas, suggestions, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in your Communications for any purpose including, but not limited to, developing and marketing TaxHawk products using such information without compensation to you.

Updates
TaxHawk may periodically update the Website and/or the Products and Services and/or may eliminate certain Products and/or Services as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion.

Third-Party Websites or Products and Services
You agree that your use of, or business dealings with, third-parties that may be found on or throughout the Website are solely between you and such third-parties. TaxHawk is not and cannot be responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, services (including uptime and availability) or other materials on or available from such third-party providers. Providing links to such products and services or parties is intended as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by TaxHawk of the Website or any of the products or services found on such third-party websites.

SMS Messaging
SMS messaging is used for multi-factor authentication for your mobile number using a One-Time PIN (OTP). By opting into SMS messaging, you agree to receive periodic automated marketing and informational text messages from TaxHawk. You are not required to agree to enter into any agreement as a condition to purchase any services from TaxHawk and you can cancel at any time.
Only account authentication messages will be sent to you using SMS messaging or an automated voice call. Your number will not be used for promotional messages and opting out of SMS messages, once enabled, will need to be done through your account settings on the Website.
You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text "STOP" to cancel. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that SMS messages will no longer be sent. If you want to resume service, reply "START" and we will start sending SMS messages to you again.
As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. You will receive a new multi-factor authentication each time you register a new device or each time you sign in to our service, depending on your settings. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider. TaxHawk is not responsible or liable for services or availability of your wireless provider. For all questions about the services provided by this short code, you can send an email to webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com.

Privacy Policy
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy (https://www.FreeTaxUSA.com/privacy). By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information and agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use. The Website is hosted in the United States and we make no claim that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. If you access the Website from outside the United States with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the United States, you are transferring your data to the United States and you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States. If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy: https://www.FreeTaxUSA.com/privacy.

Disclaimer of Warranties
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS OF USE, THE WEBSITE, AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE WEBSITE AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ACCESSED THEREON ARE PROVIDED WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL STATUTORY WARRANTIES, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, WITH ALL SUCH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES BEING EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED BY TAXHAWK. ADDITIONALLY, TAXHAWK AND ALL OF OUR DATA AND/OR SERVICE PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES FOR THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF ANY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE, AS WELL AS FOR ANY INFRINGEMENT OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE. TAXHAWK DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE SECURE, FREE FROM BUGS, VIRUSES, INTERRUPTION, ERRORS, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS DONE SO AT YOUR OWN RISK AND AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND THAT YOU ARE AND SHALL ALWAYS REMAIN SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CLAIMS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE OBTAINING SUCH MATERIAL. IN THE EVENT ANY APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES THAT ANY SPECIFIC EXCLUSION OR EXCLUSION FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO YOU, THEN IN SUCH EVENT ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO SIXTY (60) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE OR DELIVERY OF THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES, WHICHEVER IS SOONER. FURTHER, YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS.

Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties at all. In such an event, the exclusion from implied warranties may not apply to you specifically.

Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TAXHAWK OR ANY OF OUR DATA PROVIDERS OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, DELIVERING OR MANAGING THE CONTENT OR OPERATIONS OF THE WEBSITE, OR ANY OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED VIA THE WEBSITE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY CLAIMS WHATSOEVER. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF TAXHAWK, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, FOR ALL MATTERS OR CLAIMS RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID (YOUR PURCHASE PRICE) FOR SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PLUS AN ADDITIONAL FEE OF TEN DOLLARS ($10.00). TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW TAXHAWK NOR ANY OF ITS PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ADDITIONALLY, NEITHER TAXHAWK NOR ANY OF ITS PROVIDERS SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO FAILURES OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS, THE INTERNET, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, CORRUPTION, FORCE MAJEURE, SECURITY, LOSS OR THEFT OF DATA, VIRUSES, SPY WARE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS OR INVESTMENTS, OR USE OF SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE THAT DOES NOT MEET TAXHAWK'S SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS.

THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF TAXHAWK AND ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS TAXHAWK AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING, OR TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

However, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.

Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify TaxHawk and to hold TaxHawk harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to your violation of any term or condition of these Terms of Use or violation of the law or any rights of any third-party, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, intellectual property, and privacy rights which may arise as a result of your use of this Website including, but not limited to, your Communications, or any of the Products and Services provided therein.

Electronic Communications
By using a computer system and our software to prepare and transmit return(s) electronically, you consent to receive electronic communications and agree to the disclosure of all information pertaining to your use of the system and software to the respective federal and state agencies, as applicable by law, and to the transmission of your tax return(s).

DMCA Notice and Copyright Policy
TaxHawk is against copyright infringement of any kind, and we terminate the user accounts of repeat copyright infringers. If you believe that any material on the Website infringes your copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement to webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com. Upon receipt of any notice, TaxHawk will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, including removing the content from the Website.

Artificial Intelligence Policy
TaxHawk strives to deliver content that meets or exceeds customer expectations and is committed to the highest ethical and legal standards in the use of AI technologies. While TaxHawk may use AI tools to assist in content development for digital media imports, blog posts, chat boxes, or other marketing purposes, TaxHawk’s human editors review, edit, and validate such content to ensure that the final output provides accurate solutions for your specific inquiries. TaxHawk acknowledges risks and limitations inherent in using such AI technologies and is committed to complying with all applicable IP laws, including patent and copyright laws. We value your feedback and input and will address any concerns promptly and efficiently. Please contact us at webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com.

Miscellaneous
Your access to the Website and the Products and Services offered by TaxHawk and any dispute arising therefrom SHALL BE exclusively subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to rules of conflicts of law. Any action relating to your access and use MUST be brought in state or federal courts located in and for Utah County, State of Utah and the parties hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in such courts as the most appropriate forum. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA) are excluded from these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use, as may hereinafter be modified from time to time, constitute the entire agreement between you and TaxHawk except to the extent that there may be a specific separate agreement with regard to one or more specific Product(s) or Service(s) (in which case the agreement specific to the Product(s) or Service(s) shall control), and these Terms of Use supersede all previous communications, representations or agreements, whether oral or written. TaxHawk has not made any representations or statements of any kind which are not included in these Terms of Use. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Website.
Although TaxHawk may replace or amend the terms of these Terms of Use from time to time by posting new terms, you may not modify or amend any of these Terms of Use in whole or in part.
TaxHawk's failure to insist on strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not be deemed a waiver of any of its rights or remedies, nor shall it relieve you from performing any subsequent obligations strictly in accordance with the terms of these Terms of Use. No waiver of any term or condition of these Terms of Use shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.
The provisions of these Terms of Use are intended to be interpreted and construed in a manner so as to make such provisions valid, binding and enforceable. In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be partially or wholly invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be modified or restricted to the extent necessary to make such provision valid, binding and enforceable, or, if such provision cannot be modified or restricted in a manner so as to make such provision valid, binding and enforceable, then such provision shall be deemed to be excised from these Terms of Use and the validity, binding effect and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall not be affected or impaired in any manner.
Nothing contained in these Terms of Use shall be construed to create any partnership, joint venture, principal/agent relationship, employer/employee relationship, or any other fiduciary relationship between you and TaxHawk or between you and any third-party. With the exception of those specifically mentioned herein, you and TaxHawk expressly disclaim the existence of any third-party beneficiaries to these Terms of Use.
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to these terms of use or your use of this web and/or product(s) and/or service(s) offered by TaxHawk shall first be submitted to TaxHawk's internal dispute claims process. You may initiate this process by submitting a claim via Customer Support through your TaxHawk account. This process is offered at no cost to you.
In the event any claim/dispute is not resolved upon exhaustion of TaxHawk's internal claims dispute process you agree that to the extent judicial involvement in any claim and/or dispute is necessary, all such claims shall be initiated and maintained by you as an individual claimant. TaxHawk and you agree that the most appropriate and exclusive forum for any such claims SHALL BE in the state and federal courts located in and for Utah County, State of Utah. You agree that any and all disputes must be brought in your individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Specifically, you agree to waive the right to 1) participate in a class action or litigate on a class wide basis, 2) join others to litigate your claim as a mass tort lawsuit, and 3) consolidate claims with the claims of any other person. In addition, you and TaxHawk each agree that should a claim be initiated in court that there will not be a jury trial and you and TaxHawk unconditionally waive any right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this agreement in any way. In the event of litigation, this paragraph may be filed to show a written consent to waiver of a jury and to trial by the court. You agree that you have expressly and knowingly waived these rights. The prevailing party in any such court action shall be entitled to reimbursement of all costs, expenses and attorneys' fees incurred as a result of such action.
The relationship of the parties hereunder is limited to the respective rights and obligations of the parties as set forth in these Terms of Use.
Contact Us
In order to resolve any concerns regarding the Website, to provide any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, or to receive further information regarding the use of the Website, please contact us at webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com.

Pro Support Clients
By using Pro Support, you are accepting these terms and conditions between you and TaxHawk, Inc. ("TaxHawk")

IN GENERAL

This service is available for an additional charge and requires internet access. You understand that as part of the service, a tax expert will answer your questions related to U.S. Federal tax laws (for individual Form 1040). However, state tax questions are at the expert's discretion and may change or be discontinued at any time.

Access to tax advice from credentialed CPAs or EAs is available for 12 months from the date of purchase. Access only applies to the tax year for which the upgrade is purchased and is not transferable to other accounts. Please be aware that some tax situations or topics may fall outside the scope of Pro Support as determined in the tax expert's sole discretion. Service, area of expertise, experience levels, wait times, hours of operation, and availability vary, and are subject to restriction and change without notice.

WHAT IS NOT INCLUDED AND USER LIMITS

You understand that the following topics are not included in the service:

Local, municipal, and school district tax questions
Issues unrelated to the preparation of the tax return or unrelated to income taxes (i.e., sales, use, inheritance, etc.)
Federal non-resident questions (Form 1040NR)
Bankruptcy questions
Business incorporation questions
Consolidated returns
Legal or investment advice
Tax, estate, or investment planning advice
You understand the tax expert may end the communication at his/her sole discretion for the following reasons:

Service lasting longer than 20 minutes (to ensure a good experience for all customers)
It is determined that the customer is misusing or unnecessarily extending the duration of the communication
NOTICE

In accordance with Internal Revenue Guidance, any tax advice given to you, including anything provided in writing, is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, by any person or entity for the purpose of avoiding penalties imposed under the Internal Revenue Code.

The tax expert's advice is based on information that you provide to him/her. The tax expert cannot verify the information you give to him/her. If you provide incorrect or incomplete information, the advice provided to you may not be accurate. You are responsible for the preparation of your return. The tax advisor will not review your tax return and will not sign your tax return.

PRO SUPPORT GUARANTEE

TaxHawk will reimburse you in the amount of the IRS or state penalty and/or interest paid by you to the IRS or state applicable to the current tax year if the IRS or state penalty and/or interest is:

Solely a result of your reliance on incorrect advice provided to you through Pro Support.
It cannot be because of incorrect or incomplete information provided to the expert from you
It cannot be because of misclassification of information on the tax return
It cannot be because you did not file an amended return to avoid or reduce an applicable penalty/interest after TaxHawk notified you of the incorrect advice
You are a registered user of TaxHawk Pro Support
If the above criteria in the Pro Support Guarantee are met, you must notify TaxHawk in writing at: TaxHawk, Inc. TaxHawk Pro Support, 1366 East 1120 South, Provo, UT 84606.

TaxHawk requires the following documentation:

Copy of the IRS/State notice
Evidence of payment of the specified penalty and/or interest
Copy of the applicable hardcopy tax return
Any other information TaxHawk reasonably requests
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY ADDITIONAL TAX LIABILITY OWED