Copyrights
This Site and the materials within it are © 2016 Home Depot Product Authority, LLC ("HDPA"). Viewing or using this Site creates a copy of The Home Depot materials in your computer's random access memory and/or in your hard drive and/or in your proxy server.

Use License
The Home Depot, Inc. ("The Home Depot" or "Home Depot") and HDPA jointly grant you permission to view and use this Site and to print individual pages from this Site for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. You may not modify, copy (except as set forth in the preceding sentence), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, material, software, products or services from this Site.

Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement and acceptance without modification of the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. In addition, as a condition of your use of this Site, you represent and warrant to Home Depot that you will not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful, immoral or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices. If you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, do not use this Site. Other than this agreement and agreements between you and The Home Depot relating to the sale of products or services to you through this Site, Home Depot will not enter into any agreement with you or obligation to you through this Site and no attempt to create such an agreement or obligation will be effective.

Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of HDPA and others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site, without the prior written permission of the Trademark owner. HDPA aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name of The Home Depot, The Home Depot logo or the other Home Depot formatives may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior, written permission from HDPA. HDPA prohibits use of The Home Depot logo as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by HDPA in writing. Fair use of HDPA’s Trademarks requires proper acknowledgment. Other product and company names mentioned in this Site may be the Trademarks of their respective owners.

Product Orders
While we will use our best efforts to fulfill all orders, Home Depot cannot guarantee the availability of any particular product displayed on this Site. Home Depot reserves the right to discontinue the sale of any product listed on this Site at any time without notice.

We reserve the right to limit quantities to the amount reasonable for our regular customers.

Product prices offered on this Site may vary from other advertised prices due to varying conditions in different geographic markets.

The prices displayed on this Site are quoted in U.S. dollars and are valid and effective only within the United States, and such prices do not include shipping and handling or sales taxes, if applicable, which will be added to your total invoice price. You are responsible for the payment of any shipping and handling charges and state and local sales or use taxes that may apply to your order.

While our goal is a 100% error-free Site, we do not guarantee that any content is accurate or complete, including price information and product specifications. If we discover price errors, they will be corrected on our systems, and the corrected price will apply to your order. Home Depot reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted and accepted).

For further information about purchasing products from Home Depot, please read our FAQ: General Information About Products and our Product Return Policy carefully.

Links to Third Party Sites
This Site may contain links to sites owned or operated by parties other than HDPA or The Home Depot. Such links are provided for your reference only. The Home Depot does not control outside sites and is not responsible for their content. The Home Depot's inclusion of links to an outside site does not imply any endorsement of the material on the site or, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation or association with its owner, operator or sponsor, nor does The Home Depot's inclusion of the links imply that The Home Depot is authorized to use any trade name, trademark, logo, legal or official seal or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the linked site.

NO WARRANTIES; EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
THE HOME DEPOT AND HDPA MAKE NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE HOME DEPOT AND HDPA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND -NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER THE HOME DEPOT NOR HDPA SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE, FOR YOUR ACTION OR INACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE OR FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER THE HOME DEPOT, ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES.

The above exclusions of liability are not applicable to residents of New Jersey. With respect to residents of New Jersey, The Home Depot and HDPA shall not be liable for any damages resulting from the use of this Site or the materials in this Site unless such damages are the result of our negligent or reckless acts or omissions.

SOME STATES AND/OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL AND/OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this agreement, please call us at 1-800-430-3376, fax us at 1-877-496-9470, or write us at:

The Home Depot, Inc.

Attention: Internet Customer Service

1971 W. Lumsden Rd. #351

Brandon, FL 33511

Although The Home Depot will in most circumstances be able to receive your e-mail or other information provided through this Site (including, without limitation, service requests and other submissions), The Home Depot does not guarantee that it will receive all such e-mail or other information timely and accurately and shall not be legally obligated to read, act on or respond to any such e-mail or other information. Be aware that Internet e-mail typically is not secure.

Uploaded Content
By submitting any content to The Home Depot (including photos), via this Site or otherwise, you represent and warrant that:

you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;
all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you; and
use of the content you supply does not violate this agreement and will not cause injury to any person or entity.

You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit any content:

that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
that infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party; or
that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.

You agree to indemnify and hold The Home Depot (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.

For any content that you submit, you grant The Home Depot and its authorized third-party service providers a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.

All content (including photos and all data contained or appended to the computer file of such photos) that you submit may be used and shared with authorized third-parties at The Home Depot's sole discretion. The Home Depot reserves the right to change, condense or delete any content on this Site that The Home Depot deems, in its sole discretion, to violate this agreement. The Home Depot does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through The Home Depot to edit or delete any content you have submitted. You acknowledge that you, not The Home Depot, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of The Home Depot, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.

DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT (“DMCA”)

The Home Depot and HDPA respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement pursuant to the requirements of the DMCA. If You believe that any content on this site infringes your copyrights, You may request removal of such content by providing written notice to The Home Depot’s Designated DMCA Agent at:

Designated DMCA Agent
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Building C-20
Atlanta, GA 30339-4024

or by email at IP_Requests@homedepot.com

This address and email address should only be used to report allegations of copyright infringement. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere on this site.

Your notice must satisfy the requirements of the DMCA and include the following information:
(i) Your name, mailing address, and email address;
(ii) A statement identifying the copyrighted material You claim is infringed, such as a URL linking to an authorized version of the copyrighted material;
(iii) A statement identifying where the allegedly infringing material is located, such as URL linking to the allegedly infringing material;
(iv) A statement that You have a good faith belief that the allegedly infringing material identified in section (ii), above, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(v) A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is accurate and that You are the owner of the copyrighted material or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted material; and
(vi) An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The Home Depot reserves the right to disregard a notice that is unclear or otherwise fails to comply with the DMCA. In the event that The Home Depot determines that a DMCA notice lacks validity, The Home Depot may refuse to remove the complained of content at its discretion. Election by The Home Depot to either remove or leave the complained of content does not constitute a legal decision about the validity of your claim of infringement or the possible defenses to a claim.

Disputes and Governing Law

You agree that this agreement and your use of this Site are governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, USA, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts in Atlanta, Georgia, USA for all disputes (a) arising out of, relating to, or concerning this Site and/or this agreement, (b) in which this Site and/or this agreement is an issue or a material fact, or (c) in which this Site and/or this agreement is referenced in a paper filed in a court.

Other Terms

Use of this Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of this agreement, including without limitation this paragraph and the warranty disclaimers and liability exclusions above. The Home Depot has endeavored to comply with all legal requirements known to it in creating and maintaining this Site, but it makes no representation that materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Use of this Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of this Site may violate any legal requirements and you agree not to access this Site in any such jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. Any use in contravention of this provision or any provision of this agreement is at your own risk and, if any part of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall govern such use.

You agree that The Home Depot may at any time and without notice change the terms, conditions and notices under which this Site is offered; however, any change to the terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively.

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Home Depot as a result of this agreement or your use of this Site.

The Home Depot's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of The Home Depot's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Site or information provided to or gathered by The Home Depot with respect to such use.

This agreement, the privacy and security statement, and terms of sale constitute the entire agreement between you and HDPA with respect to this Site. This agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and The Home Depot with respect to this Site. No modification of this agreement shall be effective unless it is authored by The Home Depot, Inc. or its affiliates, or unless it is physically signed in blue ink by a Home Depot officer. Any alleged waiver of any breach of this agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any future breach. A printed version of this agreement and/or of any notice given by The Home Depot or HDPA in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement or your use of this Site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained by The Home Depot or HDPA in printed form.

The Home Depot also may make employment information available through this Site. The Home Depot is an equal opportunity employer. The Home Depot provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status or disability. The Home Depot's policy relates to all phases of employment including recruitment, placement, promotion, training, demotion, transfer, layoff, recall and termination, rates of pay, employee benefits and participation in all company-sponsored employee activities.

THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED FOR YOUR REVIEW IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE NOTICES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. THESE MATERIALS DO NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT THE OPINIONS OF THE HOME DEPOT OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS. THESE MATERIALS ARE NOT GUARANTEED OR REPRESENTED TO BE COMPLETE, CORRECT OR UP-TO-DATE. YOU MAY NOT ACT OR RELY ON ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS IN THIS SITE AND YOU PARTICULARLY SHOULD NOT MAKE ANY INVESTMENT DECISIONS BASED ON ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS IN THIS SITE. YOU MUST INDEPENDENTLY VERIFY THE ACCURACY OF ALL SUCH INFORMATION AND MATERIALS BEFORE ACTING OR RELYING THEREON OR MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISIONS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THESE MATERIALS MAY BE CHANGED FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.

Copyright © 2016 Home Depot Product Authority, LLC All Rights Reserved.

The Home Depot is a registered trademark of Home Depot Product Authority, LLC.
--
When you register for a My Account you gain access to many helpful online tools such as Express Checkout, Address Book, My Lists, My Project Guides, Manage Interests, My Store Settings, Manage Email, My Reminders, My Calculator Results, Online Orders and In Store eReceipts, My Ratings and Reviews, and much more. To use these tools you may be asked to provide additional information about you and your home improvement projects. The information that you provide as a registered My Account user is sometimes referred to as "User Content". As a My Account user you also have the opportunity to register your credit cards to help make your online shopping on our website quicker and easier. When you sign-up for a My Account we help you track and record your purchases on our website. If you register a credit card in your My Account (each a "Registered Card") we help you track and record purchases made with such Registered Card in our stores. These tracked and recorded purchases are called your "Purchase History". Your registration and use of your My Account is governed at all times by our My Account Terms and Conditions, our Privacy and Security Statement and our Terms of Use. From time to time we may change the My Account Terms and Conditions. We will notify you of any material changes to our My Account Terms and Conditions by posting an updated copy on our website. Please check our website periodically for updates.

User Content
We may moderate the User Content you provide, but we have no obligation to do so. User Content may include images or other multi-media content. You grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license in perpetuity to use any User Content for any purpose in our sole discretion (“User Content License”). By providing User Content you represent and warrant that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and have the right to submit the User Content and to grant the User Content License. You agree not to provide User Content or select a username that violates any laws or regulations, infringes upon the intellectual property rights of others, or is vulgar or otherwise offensive.

My Account Username and Password
When you register for a My Account, you will be asked to select a username and password. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of your username and password and for all activities (including purchases) that occur via your My Account. You agree not to allow unauthorized persons to use or otherwise access your My Account. If you know or suspect that your My Account has been compromised, promptly change your password and immediately notify us. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any users of your My Account for purchases made on our website.

Purchase History
Your Purchase History may include such details as product description, product image, units purchased, purchase price, purchase or order date, store details where the product was purchased, shipping updates, order number, or product manuals, warranties and instructions. The Purchase History for each of your online purchases or in-store purchases made with a Registered Card will be available for review in your My Account. If we have a Purchase History for purchases made by you prior to 2013, we may also make this information available to you in your My Account. However, please note any in-store Purchase History provided to you will only be available for two years from the date of purchase.

You understand that the Purchase History for each in-store transaction you make with a Registered Card will automatically be made available in your My Account regardless of whether you elect to receive an eReceipt via email at the time of purchase. If you do not wish to have your in-store Purchase History made available in your My Account you must edit your My Account to remove the Registered Card information you provided. All information related to your Purchase History is solely owned by us at all times, but may be made available to you in our sole discretion for your review within your My Account. Regardless of the availability of your Purchase History, all product returns are still governed by our Returns Policy.

Pro Xtra Account Creation
If you create a new My Account in your capacity as a professional contractor, tradesman or remodeler, as a benefit to creating your My Account, you will be automatically registered for and receive a linked Pro Xtra Account if you do not already have one. Pro Xtra is The Home Depot's loyalty program exclusively for professional contractors, tradesmen or remodelers. Accessing your Pro Xtra Account is easy. Use the same login credentials that you use to login to your new My Account to log into your new linked Pro Xtra Account. Because these accounts are linked, changes, deletions or additions made to the information in either your Pro Xtra Account or your My Account will be reflected in the linked account, including but not limited to, the following:

Email address
Password
Payment card registration, deletion or changes (including billing address, payment card number, security codes and expiration dates), with the exception of a Home Depot Commercial Account (PROX) card

Please note that if you created a Pro Xtra Account prior to creating your new My Account, you should continue to access your Pro Xtra Account by using the login credentials that you designated when you created your Pro Xtra Account.

My Account Termination
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to remove or delete any or all User Content or other information from your My Account or our website at any time and for any reason. You understand that we cannot guarantee that your My Account will always be available to you or error free. We may terminate or suspend your My Account for any reason in our sole discretion with or without notice to you. Additionally, we reserve the right to stop offering the My Account feature of our website or any portion thereof, without liability, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. In the event of any such termination or suspension, information stored in your My Account, including User Content and Purchase History, may no longer be available to you. We have no obligation to make your User Content or Purchase History available to you and you should not rely upon your My Account as your sole record of this information.

Locking in Prices
Business customers may lock prices for products by creating a quote. To create a quote, add items to your cart, enter the quote name in “Create a Quote” field, and select “Save”. Your quote will be good for seven days. If you are making changes to your saved quote by adding or removing items or changing the delivery ZIP Code, product prices will be updated and locked in for seven days.

Purchasing a Quote
For business customers purchasing a quote, open the quote before the expiration date and select “Checkout Now”. (If a quote has expired, you must create a new quote). If you change the delivery ZIP Code during checkout, the product prices will be adjusted for the updated delivery ZIP Code.

Account Management
Business customers may view current (and expired) quotes on the “Quotes” page under “My Account”. Your account will be managed by an account administrator. This account administrator will have access to all purchases, returns and saved payment options, and will manage who at your business may obtain quotes, add and remove users, and change user permission rights. Purchases made under an account will stay in the order history of the original account.

Instant Checkout
When you place an order with Instant Checkout, your order will be automatically charged to the payment method and delivered to the address associated with your Instant Checkout settings. You can edit or cancel your Instant Checkout order within 45 minutes of placing your order.
--
Subscription Service Terms & Conditions
How to enroll in the subscription program
• Choose the product you would like to receive in recurring shipments.
• If the product is available for subscriptions, select the "subscribe" option on the product page when you add the product to your cart.
• Select the frequency of delivery (each product can have different frequencies).
• Complete the standard "Check Out" process.

Subscription Program Terms and Conditions
These subscription Program Terms and Conditions are an addition to the HomeDepot.com Terms of Use located at www.homedepot.com/c/Terms_of_Use and the Home Depot Privacy and Security Statement located at www.homedepot.com/c/Privacy_Security (both of which are incorporated herein by reference and govern your participation in the subscription program).

You agree that The Home Depot may, at any time and without notice, change the terms, conditions, and notices of the subscription program. Your use of the Auto Ship Program shall be governed by then-current version of the terms, conditions, and notices of the subscription program at the time of shipment. You acknowledge that The Home Depot may elect in its discretion to discontinue the subscription program or any specific subscription for any reason at any time without any notice to you whatsoever.

You agree to pay any and all charges for products based on the shipping frequency selected. Any products for which you enroll in the subscription program will be sent to the designated address at the designated delivery frequency until such shipment is canceled under the terms herein. Not all products sold by Home Depot are available for subscription program. Subscription orders cannot be shipped to a store or configured for in-store pick up and are not available for international orders.

You must provide a credit card or debit card to subscribe to the subscription program. While enrolled in the subscription program, (i) you agree to pay for such products upon shipment using the credit card or debit card provided during enrollment and (ii) you authorize Home Depot to charge such credit card or debit card for each product shipped through orders in the Subscription Program. You may update your credit card or debit card information at any time, and upon completing such update, (1) you agree to pay for such products upon shipment using the updated credit card or debit card information you provided and (2) you authorize Home Depot to charge such updated credit card or debit card for each product shipped through orders in the Subscription Program.

You represent and warrant that (i) you are authorized to use the credit card or debit card used to enroll in the subscription program, or as updated by you after enrollment; (ii) the information you provide is accurate and true; and (iii) your use of the subscription program does not violate any laws. Gift certificates, e-Gift certificates, gift cards, checks, Bill Me Later and PayPal will not be accepted for the subscription program.

You agree to pay the then-current price for the product at the time of shipment and agree that your credit card or debit card will be charged for such amount.

You will only be able to participate in the subscription program if you create an account on HomeDepot.com. You may modify or cancel an order or your entire subscription program or add to your subscription program subscriptions at any time by logging into your HomeDepot.com account and modifying or cancelling your subscription as described below or by calling the Home Depot call center at 1 (800) 466-3337. Canceling an order will stop all future shipments of that particular product. After an order is cancelled, you may choose to re-activate any product order in your account settings on your HomeDepot.com account.

If a subscription product is temporarily out of stock, you will receive an email notification as described in Reasons We May Change Your Subscription below. Similarly, if a subscription order is discontinued, you will be notified by email and your subscription shipment for that product will be canceled.

Editing Your Subscription
• Log in to your HomeDepot.com account.
• Go to your “My Account” page and click "Subscriptions" under "Orders & Purchases." The “Subscriptions” page will show all orders in the program. Here you can:
o Change the send date
o Cancel this individual order subscription
o Change a subscription’s frequency
o Change a subscription’s quantity
o Pause a subscription
o Update your credit card or debit card information

Cancelling, or “pausing”, an order will stop all future shipments of that particular product. No further charges to your credit card or debit card will be made.

How to cancel:
• Log in to your HomeDepot.com account
• On your "My Account" page and click "Subscriptions" under "Orders & Purchases"
Click "Cancel Subscription" to the right of the item that you would like to cancel
• Follow the confirmation prompts to confirm the changes

By cancelling, you will actually be “pausing” your subscription program order(s). Pausing an order is the equivalent of cancelling with the added convenience of being able to restart it in the future if you so wish.

Resuming Shipments
To resume a product subscription, you can do so by following these easy steps:
• Log in to your HomeDepot.com account
• On your “My Account” page and click “Subscriptions” under "Orders & Purchases"
• Click “Reactivate” to the right of the item that you would like to resume
• Follow the confirmation prompts to confirm the changes

Reasons We May Change Your Subscription
If a product you have designated for subscription product is temporarily out-of-stock, we will send you an email notification on the date your order is set to be fulfilled. We will then routinely check whether the item is back in stock during the following thirty (30) days. Unless an order is manually cancelled within the subscription management page as described above, if at any time in that thirty (30) day period the product comes back in stock, we will send it to you. During the period you will receive an email at the fifteen (15) day and thirty (30) day mark if the item is not back in stock. After the thirty (30) day period, that order will be cancelled and we will not attempt to send the item until the next scheduled order fulfillment date.

If a product you have designated for  has been discontinued, you will be notified by email and the recurring delivery of that product and the subscription product feature for that order will be automatically canceled.

If the credit card or debit card you provided has expired between shipments or payment has been refused and you have failed to update the credit card or debit card associated with the applicable subscription program order, we will cancel your order and send you an email requesting you to update your credit card information. Once updated credit card or debit card information is received, your subscription will restart.