Terms of Sale
WHO WE ARE.
lululemon, its entities, and affiliates (“lululemon”, “we”, “our”) sell lululemon products (“Products”) through lululemon-owned stores (each, a “Store”) and lululemon-operated websites (each, a “Site”).

Depending on where you’re using our Site or where you’re shopping with us in a Store, our customers (“you”, “your”, “Guest”) are entering into an agreement with:

France - lululemon.fr is owned and operated by lululemon athletica FR SARL. This entity is based in France at 17, Rue Henry Monnier, 75009 Paris. VAT number is FR68797519501.

Germany - lululemon.de is owned and operated by lululemon athletica DE GmbH. This entity is based in Germany at Wiesenhüttenstraße 11, 60329 Frankfurt am Main.  VAT number is 045 238 31521.

Spain – lululemon.es is owned and operated by lululemon athletica spain slu. This entity is based in Spain at Travessera de Gràcia, 11, planta 5, 08021 Barcelona. VAT number is B67789321.

The EU Site - eu.lululemon.com is owned and operated by lululemon athletica ch gmbh. This entity is based in Switzerland at  Seestrasse 5, 8002 Zürich. VAT number is CHE -321.576.64 MWST.
UK - lululemon.co.uk is owned and operated by lululemon athletica uk ltd, which is registered in England and Wales under company number 07655911. This entity is based in the United Kingdom at Mezzanine Level, Eighty Strand, London, WC2R 0DT.  VAT number is 117 207 443.

If you are accessing the Sites from outside the EU (excluding the United Kingdom), Norway and Switzerland then please note that the content on the Sites is provided solely for the purpose of promoting sales to those located in these countries.

THESE TERMS.
Your use of our Site is subject to our Terms of Use, and our use of your personal information is in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Make sure to read these terms and policies carefully - you can save and print these terms if you need to.

When you purchase a Product from lululemon, the terms and conditions listed below (“Terms of Sale”) provide the legal information that applies. Therefore, before placing an order, you will be asked to accept these Terms of Sale. These are important as they tell you what to expect from us (and vice versa) and provide you with some helpful information, so please read these carefully.

If you breach any of these Terms of Sale, lululemon reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your order.

ABOUT YOU
Here at lululemon, we can only offer the sale of our Products if you’re at least 18 years of age, or of legal majority in your country of residence, and you are buying the Product for non-commercial use. We reserve the right to not accept your order if you’re under 18 years of age or to persons other than end consumers (i.e. resellers or businesses).

We only supply Products on the Site and in our Stores for domestic and private use.  By ordering from us, you agree to not use any Product for commercial or business purposes. For Products purchased through our Stores and Site, we wanted to highlight that lululemon has no liability to you for any direct or indirect loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. By submitting your Order to us, you agree that you are offering to purchase Product(s) exclusively for personal use.

Additional information for German & Spanish Guests:

For Guests using our German Site, we can only offer Products for sale to persons of legal age who are end consumers, i.e. who act for purposes that, in accordance with Article 13 of the Civil Code (BGB). 

For Guest’s using our Spanish Site, we offer the Products for sale only to people over 18 years of age who are final consumers, that is, who act for purposes other than their commercial, business or professional activity in accordance with the Revised Text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users.

THIRD PARTIES AND OUR SITES.
For some of our Sites and in some of our Stores, we have chosen to partner with eShopWorld (“ESW”) to facilitate and process your transactions. In these countries, ESW is the merchant of record and by purchasing Products through these Sites, you also accept any additional terms or conditions under ESW that may apply. This will be made clear to you during your Guest journey and at the point you purchase the Products.


In some countries, we partner with third-party ecommerce platforms (each, a “Marketplace”). When purchasing Products via Marketplaces (for example, Zalando), you are agreeing to their terms and conditions.  The ways in which your order is processed may vary depending on the Marketplace and this will always be made clear to you during the purchase process.


In some jurisdictions, lululemon sites or stores may be operated by local franchise partners (each, a “Franchisee”) who may be operating their own local site under license from us. When purchasing Products in those jurisdictions, you will be entering into a contract for sale with the Franchisee rather than us and may need to agree to any applicable terms or conditions that may apply.



PLACING, AMENDING AND CONFIRMING AN ORDER.
Route to placing an Order:

To place an order with us on one of our Sites, you will either be able to do so as a guest or via your account.

When checking out as a guest, you will be asked to provide your full name, email address, postal address and telephone number to enable us to process your order.  These details will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Policy relevant to the Site. You can still access your order information and status of your order by putting your email address and order number into our search function, here.

You can also create an account (an “Account”) and place an order. To create an Account, you will need to provide us with your email address and create a secure password. Your Account creation and use of your Account is governed by our Terms of Use so please read those carefully. Once you’ve created your Account, you can use the Account to track your order and access details of previous orders.

How to place an Order:

To place a valid order, you will be required to submit your full name, postal address, email address, phone number, and a valid Payment Method (defined below) on the “Order Summary” page once you have selected the Product(s) you wish to buy (an “Order”).

When you place an Order, you should receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your Order. If you’re using a credit card, we’ll carry out a quick pre-authorisation via our third-party secure payment processor to make sure everything is ok for you to place your Order.

By completing the Order, you accept these Terms of Sale and your obligation to pay the total price.

Cancelling an Order:

If you’re quick, you may be able to cancel your Order. There is a short window (up to 1 hour) where it may be possible to cancel your Order via your account. After this time, unfortunately you won’t be able to make any changes – so you’ll have to return the Products to us in accordance with your Right of Withdrawal or our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy.

Order acknowledgement and confirmation:

We will send you an Order acknowledgement email detailing the Products that you have ordered. This is not an Order confirmation or Order acceptance from lululemon.

Acceptance and completion of the contract between us will occur at the point of dispatching your Order unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order, or you have cancelled it in accordance with these Terms of Sale. 

Once your Order is out for delivery, we’ll send you a shipping confirmation of the Order to confirm that the Products have been dispatched. This will be sent via email to the email address you submitted when purchasing from us.

 

PRODUCTS AND PRICES.
Product information:

We try to ensure that all of the information that you see is correct, however sometimes the busy teams here at lululemon might miss something, so we may need to amend prices, Product descriptions and promotional codes from time to time. If this affects your Order, we’ll let you know.

Product colours, specific detailing and packaging may vary slightly from Site images. Our site images are for illustrative purposes only and whilst we make every effort to display detailing and colours as accurately as possible, we cannot guarantee how such colours will display on your device.

Product prices:

The prices that you see on our Sites include VAT, but please be careful to check any other taxes or location specific delivery fees that may be applicable to your Orders.

Product availability:

All lululemon Products are subject to availability. To be able to keep providing you with all of the new and innovative items that you see, some Products on our Site may not be available in Stores, and vice versa. lululemon cannot make any representation or warranty that any Product will be available at any time or location. Don’t worry - we will inform you by email as soon as possible if a Product in your Order is not available and/or we’ve had to cancel your Order, and you will be refunded any respective amount(s) to your original Payment Method.

HOW TO PAY.
Acceptable payment methods (each, a “Payment Method”) may vary from time to time and by Site - these will be shown on the “Order Summary” page – you can find more info on these in the FAQs under Ordering and Payment. We will place a pre-authorisation charge on your Payment Method when you place your Order, however we will not charge your Payment Method until we dispatch your Order.

Generally, acceptable payment methods include, but are not limited to, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Visa Debit, JCB Discover, Paypal, Maestro, UnionPay, and the lululemon gift card (“Gift Card”).

Some alternative payment methods (“Alternative Payment Methods”) may be available through certain third-party payment providers on some of our Sites, including, but not limited to, Klarna, Afterpay, Apple Pay, and PayPal. By using an Alternative Payment Method, you also accept any additional terms or conditions under the respective third-party payment provider. Your payment provider may charge you for using your card or Alternative Payment Method. Please check the terms and conditions with your selected payment provider carefully and in advance of submitting your payment details.

On some Sites we’re working in cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ) to offer you the option to pay through Klarna or “Pay Later in 3”. These payments are made subject to Klarna’s terms and conditions, which can be found here. In addition, your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection laws and in accordance with Klarna’s privacy notice, found here. You can find out more about paying with Klarna in our FAQs.  Please always spend responsibly.

SECURITY CHECKS ON YOUR INFORMATION.
Here at lululemon, we want to make sure our Guest’s information is safe. We take reasonable care to ensure your Order and subsequent transactions are conducted via a secure link.

We may also procure the services of fraud prevention companies and we may share details of your Order with them, for the purpose of detecting and preventing fraudulent use of Payment Methods – this is done in accordance with our Privacy Policy.


DELIVERY.
We aim to make sure your Order is with you by the estimated delivery timeframes set out in our Shipping Policy, but sometimes things happen that we can’t control.

If an Event Outside Our Control (defined in section 13 below) prevents us from getting the Products to you by the estimated delivery date, we will contact you with a revised estimated delivery date. Either way, you can track your order via your account and shipping confirmation email.

How we deliver:

The Products will be delivered to the address that you provide to us in your Order (on the basis that it is a valid address).

We use several shipping providers across our lululemon Sites to deliver your Orders to you, including but not limited to: Royal Mail, UPS, DPD and DHL (each, a “Shipping Provider”). We aim to use the most appropriate delivery service available in your region (and certain services may not be available for us to use). In addition, the Shipping Providers may vary depending on whether you have chosen standard or express delivery at checkout – which means you could have multiple Shipping Providers delivering your Order. For more information, see our Shipping Policy.

Once we have received your Order and we have dispatched the Products, you will be contacted by us to let you know we’ve confirmed your Order. You may also be contacted directly by the Shipping Provider to provide you with updates on the status your Order. We are not responsible for the content or timing of these notifications, including the accuracy and frequency of any email. The Shipping Confirmation email shall also serve as our Order acceptance.

Delivery is completed when the Product is delivered to the address submitted in your Order, at which time the Product(s) become your responsibility. You own the Products once we have received payment in full (including any delivery charges) so make sure you take reasonable care of them.

lululemon cannot be held liable for any parcels that are lost or stolen as a result of any specific delivery instructions that you give to the Shipping Provider.

Split deliveries:

Sometimes, we may need to split your Order into multiple deliveries to make sure the Products get to you as soon as possible. Delivery practices may vary depending on which Shipping Provider is delivering the Products, but we’ll be sure to select the most appropriate method, depending on the nature and number of the Products that you have ordered.  While most products ordered via the Sites are shipped to you from our distribution centre, some products may be shipped directly from one of our Stores.  Either way, we try to ensure that the Products reach you as quickly as possible.

Damaged and missing Products:

If you notice that any Product you receive is damaged, or in the event you have Product(s) missing from your Order, please reach out of us via the contact information below.

In the event that your Order doesn’t get to you (and you believe it has been lost in transit), please contact us and we will try to look into this for you. Make sure to check any potential safe spaces or with your neighbours – sometimes our Delivery Providers will leave your Order in these places to ensure you receive it on the estimated delivery date.

If you’re reaching out to us after thirty (30) days to let us know you haven’t received your Order, but it is showing as delivered on your tracking information, unfortunately you’ll need to contact your bank to obtain a refund (and dispute the charge stating that the goods have not been received) as this is outside of our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy.

Risk and title of Products:

Title (which essentially means the ownership of) the Product passes to you upon successful delivery by the Shipping Provider. Risk of loss passes to you upon delivery by lululemon of the Products to the Shipping Provider. This means, once we’ve handed over the Products to the Shipping Provider, you take responsibility for any loss or damage that may occur to the Products, however we still retain title of these until they reach you.


RETURNS, REFUNDS AND REPAIRS POLICY.
Our returns policy:

This Returns, Refund and Repairs Policy is without prejudice to any right of withdrawal (set out below) or warranties applicable to you (“Consumer Rights”). Please see “Right of Withdrawal” and “Warranties, Guarantees and Limitation of Liability” sections below, for more information!

If you are not 100% satisfied with a Product you have purchased, you have thirty (30) days from the date you received your Order to return such Product to us. You can do this via our online returns portal or by bringing the Product into one of our Stores. You are legally obligated to take reasonable care of the Products while they are in your possession. Refunds will be issued via the Payment Method of your Order or to a lululemon Gift Card.

If you have returned a Product to us because it is faulty or not fit for purpose, lululemon will refund the full price of the defective Product, including any applicable delivery charges.  In some circumstances you may also be offered a repair or replacement.  For products which are faulty or not fit for purpose, you may be entitled to longer than 30 days from the date you received your Order subject to the statutory rights available to you in the location where you made your purchase.

Please note - if you paid for your Order using Klarna or PayPal, we can only accept returns of the Products via our online portal. If you try to take these to a Store, they will not be able to process your refund.

Returns Locations and options:

We do not accept returns on any Product outside of the country it was originally purchased in (for example, we can’t accept a return in Germany if you originally bought your items in the UK).

You can exchange the Product(s) in a Store in a different country to where you bought your Product for items of the same value (based on the value in the local currency pf the store you are returning it to). Also, where the Store’s local currency differs from the original currency where purchased, you may be required to pay the difference in the cost of the Product(s). For example, if you’re looking to exchange a pair of align leggings that you bought in Ireland for €98EUR, you’ll only be entitled to an exchange value of £88GBP.

We are also unable to accept returns at any of our license partner Stores which are located in Harrods, Selfridges, Brown Thomas and Le Bon Marché and all our global outlets, including those in the EU at Bicester Village and Wertheim Village.

Conditions for return:

All returned Products must be unwashed with hangtags still attached. If you’re returning your Product to us in store, please bring proof of purchase and your original method of payment with you at the time of return. All garments are subject to inspection and we may refuse a refund if we believe that the item does not meet our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy, including but not limited to has been worn, damaged or soiled by you. Please see our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy for full details and additional information.

When sending any Product(s) back to us, we strongly recommend that you obtain and safely store proof of postage until your refund is processed. Sometimes, we might ask you for a copy of this to allow us to track where your return is! In the event that you are unable to provide proof of postage and we cannot locate your return, lululemon has the right to refuse a refund for the Product(s).

Refunds:

For return which qualify, you will receive a full refund of the price you paid for the Product, less any applicable shipping or delivery charges, which are non-refundable. lululemon will process the refund as soon as possible, and in any event, within thirty (30) calendar days of the date you gave us notice of the return. If the Products were delivered to you, you must return the Products as soon as reasonably practicable. Unless the Products are faulty or not fit for purpose, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products to us.

Exclusions for returns and refunds:

Without prejudice to any Consumer Rights, Products excluded from our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy are underwear, swimwear, headwear, facemasks, personalised items and water bottles.  Gift Card returns and refunds are governed by our Gift Card Policy which can be found in the Terms of Use.  Generally, we will accept refunds of Gift Cards to your original payment method which were purchased online in accordance with your Right of Withdrawal.  Gift Cards purchased in store are not refundable.

For more information on how to return an item, please visit our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy and/or our Frequently Asked Questions.

Exchanges:

Unfortunately, we are unable to provide exchanges online due to product availability. If you do want to change your Product(s), you’ll essentially need to send your original Order back to us and repurchase in your new size/colour.

Exchanges may be possible in one of our stores. If you do want to try and exchange your Product, you can head to one of our stores and our friendly team can assist you. Please note – availability of sizes, styles and products varies in each store so it may not be possible to exchange your Product. We are not responsible for any costs incurred by you in relation to travelling to/from a store to try and make an exchange.

Repairs:

Our “Mend It, Don’t End It” service offers Guests the ability to get their Products repaired. The service is currently only available in specific locations and available for: unravelled stitching, missing buttons, issues with bonding, and broken clasps, straps, and zips.


Please note, this service is available at lululemon’s sole discretion and is carried out in accordance with our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy.


For more information on how to get an item repaired, please visit our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy and/or our Frequently Asked Questions.


DISCOUNT AND LOYALTY PROGRAMS.
We make available certain discount and loyalty programs for qualifying individuals. These programs are subject to change and may have additional terms and conditions that apply, including but not limited to the Sweat Collective Terms and Conditions and student discount providers such as UNiDAYs.

Unless otherwise provided for in a separate discount or loyalty program agreement: (i) lululemon may restrict the Payment Methods used in connection with an applicable discount (for example, a debit or credit card may be required); and (ii) you may not purchase Product with your applied discount with the intent to commercially resell.

lululemon reserves, and you acknowledge and agree that lululemon has, the absolute right to deny use of any discount or refuse Orders for any person suspected of reselling or orders which have characteristics of reselling.


RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL.
Please be aware the following section only applies to orders made on our Sites. If you have purchased Product in one of our stores, the below is not applicable and cannot be relied upon.

Where required by law, you may withdraw from the contract at any time, for any reason, without penalty or need to give an explanation within fourteen (14) days from the date of delivery of the Products. For split orders, the relevant term shall begin on the date of delivery of the latest Product.

You may exercise your right of withdrawal by providing us with the information provided in Annex 1 (the “Withdrawal Form”) via the email, phone, or address listed below under the “Contact Us” section below.

In the event of withdrawal, you shall return the Products to lululemon without undue delay, and in any event, within fourteen (14) days from the date on which the notice of withdrawal was provided to lululemon (“Date of Withdrawal”), such return being at your own cost.

Any returned Product should ideally be carefully stored in its original packaging, used only for the purpose of verifying its nature, specifications, and size, and show no signs of wear or dirt. lululemon reserves the right to reject any returned Product that does not meet the above-mentioned requirements.

If you have exercised your right of withdrawal, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products without undue delay, and in any event, within fourteen (14) days from the Date of Withdrawal, using the original Payment Method of the Order. lululemon may withhold the refund until the returned Product is properly received by lululemon or until you demonstrate that the Product has been correctly returned, whichever occurs first. We are not obligated to refund shipping costs of the Products in the event you specifically selected a delivery method other than standard delivery (i.e. if you pay for next day delivery, we will only refund you for standard delivery).

Just to let you know, if you’re returning a Gift Card under your right of withdrawal, we will only accept it if you’ve not used it. Any gift cards where all or part of the value has been spent shall not be accepted and we have the right to reject this.

In addition to the right of withdrawal, lululemon offers a Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy, which can be found here and as shown above. Please review this carefully.


WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
You may not transfer or assign your rights or obligations to another person without our express agreement. We may transfer or assign our rights and obligations under these Terms of Sale or appoint third parties to assist us in performing our obligations at any time, provided that this will not reduce our obligations to You.

The Contract between you and us is binding.

Limitation of liability:

To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable law, when you order goods from the Site, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our aggregate liability to you for any loss or damage arising in connection with these Terms of Sale shall be limited in respect of each claim, to the purchase price of your order.

Nothing in these Terms of Sale shall exclude or limit our liability for personal injury or death caused by our negligence. In addition, these Terms of Sale shall not limit or exclude any other liability that we are not permitted to limit or exclude under applicable law.

Guarantees & Warranties:

We do not guarantee that our Sites will always be available or be free from error, virus or similar.

We may provide links to other websites, including but not limited to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and Cookies Policy. Where we do this, the links are provided for your convenience only and we cannot be responsible for the content or availability of those websites or Your use of them.

Although we aim to provide information that is accurate and up to date, we do not guarantee to do so. You are responsible for making sure that your reliance on our Sites is suitable for your own purposes and the information that we provide is not intended to be advice you should rely on. The information contained on our Sites is provided on an "AS IS" basis.

To the fullest extent which the law allows, we exclude all warranties and representations of any kind with respect to our Sites and their contents.

Our Quality Promise is our limited guarantee that the Product you purchase will perform as intended and detailed in each Product’s applicable “Why We Made This” section on the hang tag or Product description page on the Platform. This limited guarantee is restricted to one (1) year from the date of purchase, and proof of purchase is required. This limited guarantee a) only applies to Guests that have an Account with us, and b) does not apply to Products impacted by ordinary wear and tear, personal preference, misuse or accidents. This Quality Promise does not affect your statutory rights. For Products where the Quality Promise does not apply, please see our Returns, Refund and Repairs Policy and our Quality Promise FAQs for additional information.

Some of our Sites have extra laws that we need to let you know about if you’re shopping with us on these. Please read the below carefully if you are shopping with us in France, Germany, Spain or on our EU Site.

EU Site:

If you’re shopping with us from an EU territory (including on our EU Site), you are entitled to rely on a two (2) year guarantee period as protection against faulty goods, or goods that do not look or work as we have advertised. Under this obligation, our responsibility to you will be to either:

Repair the product;
Refund you for the product; or
Replace the product.
It is in our sole discretion which one of the above options we choose to take based on our obligations. This right is in addition to your Right to Withdraw and our Returns, Refunds and Repairs policy.

In some EU territories, you may be entitled to longer guarantee periods (for example, if youre shopping with us in Sweden, your statutory guarantee period is three (3) years from the date of purchase).  For further information on your statutory rights, please see the EU Consumer Guarantees page here.

The requirement for you to prove that non-conformity of goods was present at the time of purchase differs across EU states. However, for all EU states, you will not be required to prove the non-conformity of the Product for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of purchase.  

Germany:

The law governing representations and warranties applies. lululemon does not provide any guarantee within the meaning of Section 443 of the Civil Code (BGB).

The limitation period for warranty claims due to defects other than fair wear or tear is six (6) months after delivery of the goods which may be extended to two (2) years in the event you can establish that the fault was present within the first six (6) months following purchase. We may require you to show proof of payment or the relevant invoice, as we will need to see when you bought your Product to enable us to comply with your rights under this warranty.

Any non-conformity that arises in your Product within the first twelve (12) months from the date of purchase shall be deemed to have been present prior to purchase and you will not be required to prove it was free from any defect at the time of purchase.

Also, we wanted you to know that under these Terms of Sale:

lululemon is liable for damage to life, body or health caused by lululemon, its representatives or vicarious agents. lululemon remains liable for damage caused intentionally or due to gross negligence on the part of lululemon, its representatives or vicarious agents;
lululemon is liable in accordance with the provisions of the Product Liability Act in the event of product liability or other liability that cannot be limited or excluded on the basis of German law;
lululemon is liable for losses due to slightly negligent breaches of essential contractual obligations by lululemon, its representatives or vicarious agents. Essential contractual obligations are those obligations that form the basis of the agreement, that were crucial to the conclusion of the agreement and that concern the performance on which you can rely (so-called cardinal obligations). lululemon's liability in this regard is limited to damages that are typical and foreseeable at the time of entering into this agreement; 
lululemon is liable for loss of data only up to the amount of the normal restoration costs that would have been incurred if proper and regular data backup measures had been applied; and 
Any other liability of lululemon due to slight negligence is fundamentally excluded.
France:

The following additional guarantees shall apply:

Under Article L217-4 of the French Consumer Code, we are responsible for delivering the goods in conformity with the Terms of Sale and we are liable for any lack of conformity existing at the Delivery Date. We’re also liable for defects in conformity resulting from the packaging, assembly instructions or installation where this is our responsibility under the Terms of Sale.
Under Article L217-5 of the French Consumer Code, the Products will comply with the Terms of Sale if (a) the Product(s) is suitable for the use usually expected of a similar product and the Product(s) presents the qualities that you can legitimately expect having regard to the public statements made by us (i.e. description, advertising and/or labelling) or (b) if both parties agree on the Product characteristics or that the Product is suitable for any special use sought by you and we have brought this to your attention and you have accepted.
Under Article L217-12 of the French Consumer Code and under the first paragraph of Article 1648 of the French Civil Code, you need to take action resulting from lack of conformity in the Product(s) must be within two (2) years from the Delivery Date. You must keep the invoice or receipt showing payment to benefit from the guarantee. Warranties will only be applicable if the product has been used correctly, in accordance with the purposes of use and the washing instructions appearing on or supplied with the Product. You are not required to prove that the defect (subject to fair wear and tear) was present at the time of purchase for the period of two (2) years from the date of purchase and any non-conformity will be deemed to have been present at that time.
Under Article L217-16 of the French Consumer Code, where you request a repair (covered by the above guarantees) and such repair takes longer than seven (7) days, we will extend the duration of the guarantee by the same number of days. 
Under Article 1641 of the French Civil Code, we are responsible for guaranteeing against hidden defects in the Product(s) which make it unfit for use for which it is intended or where it reduces your use to such an extent that you would not have bought it.

As a result of the above, you have the right choose to repair or replace the Product which does not conform, provided that your choice does not result in a cost that is manifestly disproportionate to the other option, taking into account the value of the Product or the seriousness of the defect.

Spain:

If you bought your Product from us before 1 January 2022, we are responsible for any lack of conformity that appear within two (2) years from the date of supply of the Products. If you bought your Product from us on or after 1 January 2022, we are responsible for any lack of conformity of the Products that appear within a period of three (3) years from the date of supply of the Products  In any event, any non-conformity that arises in your Product within the first twelve (12) months from the date of purchase shall be deemed to have been present prior to purchase and you will not be required to prove it was free from any defect at the time of purchase.

If you choose to bring action against us on the basis of conformity, you have the right to:

choose between repairing or replacing the Product, provided that your choice does not entail a cost that is manifestly disproportionate to the other option, given the value of the Product or the magnitude of the defect; and
not be required to provide evidence of the lack of conformity of the Product for a period of two (2) years from the Delivery Date of the Product.
This is because, under Article 117 of the Consolidated Text of the General Law for the Defense of Consumers and Users, we are required to deliver the Products in accordance with the Terms of Sale and we are responsible for the lack of conformity that exists at the time of delivery. 

Under Article 115 of the Consolidated Text of the General Law for the Defense of Consumers and Users, where the Products we deliver to you comply with the applicable subjective and objective legal requirements and they have been correctly installed and integrated, these Products will be considered to be delivered in accordance with the Terms of Sale.


EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL.
lululemon is not liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of its obligations under any contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (“Events Outside Our Control”).

An Event Outside Our Control includes any act, event, non-happening, omission, or accident beyond our reasonable control, and particularly includes the following, without limitation: (a) strikes, lockouts, or other industrial action; (b) civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack, threat of terrorist attack, war (declared or not), or threat or preparation for war; (c) fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, or other natural disaster; (d) impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport, or other means of public or private transport; (e) impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks; (f) acts, decrees, legislation, regulations, or restrictions of any government; and (g) pandemic or epidemic.

lululemon's performance under any contract is deemed to be suspended for that period that the Event Outside Our Control continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will make reasonable efforts to bring the Event Outside Our Control to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the Event Outside Our Control.

RETENTION OF THE AGREEMENT.
For our Guest’s shopping on our French Site, we wanted to let you know that lululemon will retain and archive a copy of all Orders placed by you worth over €120, for a period of 10 years in accordance with Article L213-1 of the French Consumer Code. You have a right to access these at any time by contacting us via the info provided in the “Contact Us” section below.

THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.
This contract is between lululemon and you. No other person shall have any right to enforce any terms herein except for any group company of lululemon.

WAIVER.
If either party fails to insist that the other perform any of its obligations under these Terms of Sale, or if either party does not enforce its rights against the other party, or delays in doing so, that will not mean that the concerned party has waived its rights against the other and will not mean that the other party does not have to comply with those obligations. If either party waives a default by the other, it will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that it will automatically waive any later default.

MISCELLANEOUS.
If any provision of these Terms of Sale is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and these Terms of Sale will be reformed, construed, and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such provision had never been contained herein.

Any headings or titles herein are for convenience only. lululemon's performance of these Terms of Sale is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Sale, our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy, or our Terms of Use is in derogation of lululemon’s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by lululemon with respect to such use.

LANGUAGE.
English shall be the non-exclusive language of these Terms of Sale and any communications, agreements, and proceedings between us. In the event of a dispute in relation to these Terms of Sale, the parties may agree that any proceedings and communications take place in the local language of that Site or where the contract between the parties was formed. These Terms of Sale have been drafted in English and any translation of these Terms of Sale will be for convenience only.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
These Terms of Sale, the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy, as applicable, constitute the entire agreement, superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and lululemon with respect to our Site.

REVISIONS TO THESE TERMS OF SALE.
We may revise these Terms of Sale from time to time. Every time you place an Order, the Terms of Sale in force at that time will apply to your Order upon confirmation by us. Whenever we revise these Terms of Sale, we will notify you that these Terms of Sale have been amended indicating the most recent date of updates at the bottom of this page.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.
These Terms of Sale shall be:

For our French Site - governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the law of France, and any applicable local laws therein, without giving effect to any conflict or law provisions.

For our German Site - governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the law of Germany, and any applicable local laws therein, without giving effect to any conflict or law provisions.

For our Spain Site - governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the law of Spain, and any applicable local laws therein, without giving effect to any conflict or law provisions.

For our EU Site - governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the country in which the Products were delivered, and any applicable local laws therein, without giving effect to any conflict or law provisions.

For our UK Site - governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the law of England and Wales and any applicable local laws therein, without giving effect to any conflict or law provisions.


COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE.
We always try to settle disputes with Guest’s directly through our Guest Education Centre. However, if you are still unhappy with the resolution provided to you, it is open to you to contact a certified dispute resolution provider to help you. 

We have procedures for investigating and dealing with your queries and complaints about our Sites. You can get in touch with us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.

If we are unable to resolve your complaints, you may consider submitting a complaint via either of the below:

If you are in the EU, you can use the EU online dispute resolution service at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. You can also use that service to obtain information about approved dispute resolution services in your own country. 
For Guest’s using our German Site, we want you to know that lululemon is in no way obliged or willing to participate in a dispute resolution procedure before a dispute resolution body in accordance with the Consumer Dispute Settlement Act (VSBG).
If you are in the UK, you can contact any dispute resolution body approved by Trading Standards, such as Retail ADR at https://www.retailadr.org.uk/. 
CONTACT US.
If you have questions and you can’t find the answer in our FAQs, please contact us via:

Email:

All of our Guests can email us at gec-emea@lululemon.com, and our Guest Educators will assist you, wherever possible.

As our teams are working as hard as possible to help everyone and resolve your issues, we aim to respond to your initial request within 72 hours, but this may vary depending on how busy they are – so please be patient with them.  Our Educators in our Stores and at our Guest Education Centre always try to support our Guests, but we do not tolerate abusive or threatening behaviour.  In those circumstances, we fully reserve our rights to suspend your Account, prohibit you from vising our Stores or placing orders with you.  Any serious abuses and threats to our Educators will be reported to the relevant authorities. 

Call us:

If you’d prefer to chat to one of our Guest Educators, you can call us on:

For Guests shopping on our EU, French, Spanish and UK sites: 0805 220 520
For Guests shopping on our German Site: 0800 000 3571
Please note that unfortunately, at this time, we can only discuss any queries or complaints over the phone in English. If you wish to speak to one of our team in your native language, please contact us via email and they’ll be happy to help.

Also, if you’re calling us from outside of the UK, please be sure to check whether any additional international call costs apply.

Live Chat:

If you’re shopping on our German, French, Spanish and UK sites, you can chat to us via our live chat.

Just to note, if you want to use this service, you’ll need to provide us with your full name, email address and your telephone number before we can speak to you via live chat.


These Terms of Sale were updated as of 3 October 2024 and apply to any purchases made after that date – whether in one of our Stores or at one of our Sites.  We reserve the right to update these terms from time to time.




ANNEX 1:

Withdrawal Form: “I hereby notify lululemon that I am withdrawing from the agreement relating to the sale of the products below:

Order number:

Product(s):

Ordered on: [date]

Order received on: [date]

[Your name, postal address (street, postal code, city, country), signature, and date of signature (if in writing)]”


**Please note, if you are NOT exercising your Right to Withdraw (and returning Product in accordance with our Returns, Refunds and Repairs Policy) we will not accept returns to the below addresses nor will lululemon be liable for any costs of doing so.


For our UK Guests, please return the Product(s) to: Bleckmann Fashion & Lifestyle Logistics, FAO Attn. lululemon UKRC, 11D Broadmoor Road, South Marsden Industrial Estate, Swindon, SN3 4WB.

For Guests using all other Sites, please return the Product(s) to: LULULEMON ATHLETICA C/O, BLECKMANN F, LLM EUStores, Conradweg 26, 4612D, BERGEN OP ZOOM. 

 

 

WELCOME PROMOTION:

Depending on your location, lululemon may offer a 10% Off Welcome Promotion (“Offer”). To take advantage of the Offer, you’ll need to visit our Site, scroll down to find the section to sign up to our email marketing and enter your email address.  Our use of your email address will be in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Once you’ve been sent your one (1) time Offer code, you’ll need to go back to our Site and enter that code on the “My Bag” page to redeem when placing your Order with us!  

ABOUT THE OFFER:

The Offer is only valid on full-priced lululemon Products available on the Site;
The Offer is only valid on one (1) transaction per Guest, up to a maximum purchase value of £1,000 GBP for United Kingdom residents and €1000 EUR for European residents (including applicable VAT) before the Offer is applied;
Use of the Offer is subject to our Terms of Sale;
The Offer does not apply to the purchase of already marked down (pre-discounted) Products;
The Offer can only be used on lululemon Sites and does not apply lululemon products sold through third parties such as a marketplace or any other retailer;
The Offer is for the intended recipient only, and the recipient may not forward the Offer to any other party;
The Offer is non-transferable and cannot be combined with any other promotion, offers, or discounts offered by lululemon;
The Offer is not applicable on prior purchases and is not valid on returns or exchanges;
Products purchased using the Offer are not for commercial resale;
The Offer is available for a limited time from the date of issue, a date not preceding September 14, 2021, online at 12:01am (in your local time zone) until a date to be determined by lululemon; and
lululemon reserves the right to cancel or change this Offer at any time.

-
Sweat Collective Terms and Conditions
lululemon athletica canada inc., lululemon athletica inc, and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, purchasers of the business and assignees, and their respective representatives, directors, officers, agents, employees and volunteer staff (“lululemon”, “the Released Party”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) will grant eligible persons an opportunity to participate in its community of active leaders in sweat which includes special benefits to members, including access to product information, a product Discount (as set out and defined herein) and other benefits (the “Sweat Collective Program”). Your membership in the Sweat Collective Program is CONDITIONED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICES CONTAINED HEREIN (THE "SC TERMS") (TOGETHER WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY, TERMS OF USE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN).

YOU HEREBY AND SHALL AGREE, for good and valuable consideration including participation in the Sweat Collective Program, as follows:

ELIGIBILITY

Eligibility to membership in the Sweat Collective Program will be determined upon verification of a proof of your credentials through ID verification (see SWEAT COLLECTIVE PAGE for details). Online ID verification is provided by a third-party verification service that works on our behalf to verify an individual’s affiliations (“SheerID”). Please pay attention to how you enter your information on the form so that it will match what is seen on the document(s). For example, enter your first and last name on the form as it appears on your official document(s). Your Discount will be automatically applied when you are logged into your account and your Sweat Collective toggle is switched to “on” position. You may need to go through the verification process again to renew your status once per calendar year.

Membership in the Sweat Collective Program is restricted only to individuals (a) who can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws; (b) who is a resident of the 50 United States, District of Columbia, or Canada; (c) who are 18 years of age or older (or the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, whichever is older); and (d) who are not barred from doing so under applicable laws.

Employees of lululemon are not eligible for membership in the Sweat Collective Program. Members of the Sweat Collective Program are responsible for ensuring their participation doesn’t violate any rules or regulations that they are subject to, including from their sponsorships or sport organizing bodies.

lululemon may determine eligibility at its sole discretion, make exceptions, change eligibility criteria and/or refuse membership in the Sweat Collective Program to any person. lululemon reserves the right to change, suspend, terminate or revoke its Sweat Collective Program, your membership therein, and/or the Discount at any time, for any reason without prior notice, including for any suspected violation of these SC Terms or fraudulent use of membership in the Sweat Collective Program.

SWEAT COLLECTIVE DISCOUNT POLICY

Approved Sweat Collective Program members are eligible to receive a 25% discount on regular-priced product purchases made in the country they are verified in from lululemon stores or lululemon e-commerce only, excluding packaging, shipping & handling charges, applicable taxes, purchases made prior to joining the Sweat Collective Program (the “Discount”).

Unless otherwise stated, Discount cannot be combined with any other offers, programs, promotional codes, discounts, or coupons. Discount does not apply to “We Made Too Much” products on markdown (and promotional offers like Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Boxing Day, and Warehouse Sales), product on the lululemon Like New website, co-branded product, lululemon Studio products or services, or lululemon product sold through third parties, or in Outlets. Discount does not apply to product purchased by phone. Discount may not be used to purchase gift cards or e-gift cards. Additional exclusions may apply.

Gift cards, PayPal, Afterpay, and Klarna cannot be used in combination with Discount for online transactions. Credit cards and Apple Pay are the only accepted forms of payment for online transactions with Discount.

Discount is for guests who have been verified by SheerID for the Sweat Collective Program, and/or approved by lululemon, in our sole discretion. Discount can only be used in the country that you were verified in. Discount cannot be used to purchase products for any other people including friends, students or family. You may not allow others to use your Discount, nor purchase products using Discount for any other person, including as gifts.

You may not resell any product purchased with Discount. lululemon reserves and you acknowledge and agree that lululemon has the absolute right to suspend or cancel your membership in the Sweat Collective Program, deny the Discount, or refuse orders to any person suspected of reselling or orders which have characteristics of reselling.

lululemon reserves and you acknowledge that lululemon has the absolute right to modify, suspend, revoke or terminate the Sweat Collective Program and/or the Discount at any time, for any reason, without notice, which can include refusal of Discount at the time of purchase.

lululemon may exempt certain products or categories of products from eligibility for Discount, at its sole discretion and without notice.

lululemon may restrict transactions and spending limits, at its sole discretion and without notice. Violation of these SC Terms or other policies related to the Sweat Collective Program and Discount may lead to immediate revocation of Discount in the Sweat Collective Program.

Violation of these SC Terms or other policies related to the Sweat Collective Program and Discount may lead to immediate revocation of Discount and membership in the Sweat Collective Program at lululemon’s sole discretion.

Except as noted herein, lululemon’s standard Terms of Use and return policies apply to all purchases.

PRODUCT TESTING

You may be invited to participate in product testing activities and other activities related to the Sweat Collective Program (collectively, “Product Testing Activities”), including use of lululemon products in various athletic activities and evaluation of certain products (the “Test Products”). You may be exposed to information that is confidential and proprietary to lululemon or its licensors. This information may include, without limitation, non-public information, technology, product design, know-how, research, analysis, testing materials, intellectual property, trade secrets or other confidential information and proprietary information of lululemon or its licensors (the “Confidential Information”).

With respect to any Confidential Information, you agree as follows:

You will not disclose to any third party, directly or indirectly, the Confidential Information or copy, reproduce or make or permit any unauthorized use of the Confidential Information.

You will not modify, alter, deface or remove any of lululemon’s logos, marks or proprietary rights notices on the Test Products or engage in any activities in respect of the Test Products that may reflect unfavourably upon lululemon.

You will not directly or indirectly copy, distribute, sell, modify, transfer, reverse engineer, disassemble or create derivative works from the Test Products.

PRODUCT TESTING RELEASE, WAIVER AND INDEMNITY

You acknowledge and agree that you are fully aware that participation in the Product Testing Activities may involve risks, including in some circumstances risk of physical injury, serious physical injury or death and you accept all the risks of participating, even if the risks are created by the carelessness, negligence or gross negligence of a Released Party.

“Claims” includes but is not limited to any and all liabilities, claims, demands, legal actions, rights of actions for damages, personal injury or death in connection with participation in the Product Testing Activities and Sweat Collective Program.

You hereby, for yourself and for your heirs, next of kin, executors, administrators and assigns, fully release, waive and forever discharge any and all rights or Claims you may have, now or in the future, against any Released Party, even if the Claims are based on the carelessness, negligence or gross negligence of a Released Party or anyone else. Without limiting the foregoing, you further release any recourses which you may now or hereafter have resulting from any decision of any Released Party.

You agree not to sue any Released Party for Claims, even if the Claims arise from the carelessness, negligence or gross negligence of any Released Party or anyone else. You agree to indemnify (reimburse for any loss) and hold harmless each Released Party from any loss or liability (including any reasonable legal fees they may incur) defending any Claim made by you or anyone making a Claim on your behalf, even if the Claim is alleged to or did result from the carelessness or negligence of any Released Party or anyone else.

You are aware that it is advisable to consult and follow the advice of a physician prior to participating in the Product Testing Activities.

USE OF YOUR INFORMATION AND IMAGES

You grant permission to the Released Party and any transferee or licensee or any of them, to use your name, the name of your studio or fitness brand, nickname, image, likeness, and size information and utilize any photographs, motion pictures, videotapes, recordings and other references or records which may depict, record or refer to you for any purpose that are either collected taken of you by the Released Party through the Product Testing, or submitted by you to the Released Party (collectively, “Images and Identifying Information”), including commercial use by the Released Party. This permission is for use anywhere in the world and on the Internet and for an unlimited period of time. You understand and agree that you will not be compensated or receive additional consideration for consenting to the use of the Images and Identifying Information and that you will not be given a chance to receive, inspect or approve the promotional or marketing material, messages and/or content that may use the Images and Identifying Information. You hereby release the Released Party including, without limitation, all persons who took or otherwise created, recorded or modified the Images and Identifying Information, from any and all claims, actions, damages, interest, costs, expense and compensation of whatsoever kind and howsoever arising, whether known or unknown, and which you now have or at any time hereafter can, shall or may have in connection with, or in any way resulting or arising from, the Images and Identifying Information and the creation, use or disposition of them.

TRADEMARK

All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and trade dress of lululemon whether registered or unregistered (collectively the "Marks") are proprietary to

lululemon. You may not display or reproduce the Marks other than with the prior written consent of lululemon, and you may not remove or otherwise modify any trademark notices from any content provided by lululemon. The Marks are protected by trademark, trade dress, copyright, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Membership in the Sweat Collective Program does not entitle members to use the Marks in commerce, without the express written consent of lululemon.

EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS

As part of the program, you agree to receive electronic communications from lululemon either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account, phone numbers or other electronic means provided by you. You acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. While you may unsubscribe from product notification or promotional emails, you will continue to receive information relevant to your membership in the Sweat Collective Program and/or any purchases you make.

For Canada residents, you acknowledge and agree that this SC Terms shall be deemed a written contract in satisfaction of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (S.C. 2010, c. 23), and other applicable laws.

SUBMISSIONS

In connection with the Sweat Collective Program, lululemon may request and you may provide content and information including profiles, goals, opinions, messages, comments, photos, videos, product or services feedback or ideas and any other content or material that you submit ("Submission(s)"). You agree that you, and not lululemon, have full responsibility for each such Submission you make, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, and trademark, copyright and other intellectual property ownership. Before making a Submission, you must ensure that you either own all intellectual property rights or are otherwise in a position to grant a License (as defined below) to lululemon.

Unless otherwise explicitly stated herein or in the applicable lululemon Privacy Policy, you agree that any Submission provided by you is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis. You agree that lululemon is free to use a

Submission for any purpose including improving its products and services, and providing you with the associated products and services, and you grant lululemon a sub-licensable, transferable, perpetual, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license ("License") to (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or invented) link to, utilize, use, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, distribute, edit, adapt, modify and prepare derivative works of the Submission.

In addition, to the extent any Submission contains your or any other person’s name, likeness, voice or biographical information ("Personal Rights"), you must comply with any applicable legislative requirements and hereby grant and will cause such other person to grant to lululemon a License to (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or invented) exploit or use such Personal Rights for any advertising or marketing of lululemon and services (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or invented). SUBJECT TO THE LICENSES GRANTED IN THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN YOUR SUBMISSIONS.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you own all Submissions submitted by you or otherwise have the right to grant the Licenses to lululemon set forth in this section, and (ii) your Submission is accurate and not misleading and (iii) your Submissions do not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, trademark rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity or violate any applicable law, rule, regulation or order.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless lululemon, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents against any losses, liabilities, claims, expenses (including attorney’s fees) as a result of (i) your Submission; (ii) your breach or alleged breach of these SC Terms; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation, any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; (iv) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, including, without limitation, all regulatory, administrative and legislative authorities; or (v) any misrepresentation made by you. This means that you will be responsible for any loss of damage we suffer as a result of your breach of these SC Terms.

GOVERNING LAW

All litigation, court proceedings, arbitration proceedings, mediation proceedings, lawsuits, court hearings and other hearings or actions initiated in connection with these SC Terms, the Sweat Collective Program, or Discount must and will be venued exclusively in Vancouver, BC, Canada. These SC Terms and the relationship between you and lululemon will be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada, and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws of any jurisdiction. The International Sale of Goods Act of British Columbia and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply in any way to these SC Terms or to the transactions contemplated by these SC Terms.

MISCELLANEOUS

If any provision of these SC Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and these SC Terms will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such provision had never been contained herein. Any headings or titles herein are for convenience only.

LANGUAGE

The official language of these SC Terms exclusively shall be, and all communications and agreements between lululemon and you and any proceedings in connection with these SC Terms exclusively shall be made in, the English language. lululemon and you waive any rights we may have under any other law to have these SC Terms written in another language, and any translation of this SC Terms will be for convenience only.

NO PARTNERSHIP

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and lululemon as a result of these SC Terms, our Privacy Policy or the Sweat Collective Program. lululemon's performance of these SC Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these SC Terms or our Privacy Policy is in derogation of lululemon's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to the Sweat Collective Program or information provided to or gathered by lululemon with respect to such participation.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

These SC Terms and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and lululemon with respect to the Sweat Collective Program, and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and lululemon with respect to the Sweat Collective Program.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

By agreeing to participate in the Sweat Collective Program, you agree to release the Released Party and their respective, directors, officers, employees and agents from all liability with respect to the Sweat Collective Program. By participating in the Sweat Collective Program, members hereby release the Released Party from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and other expenses (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees) relating to participation in the Sweat Collective Program.
--
Return Policy
If you're having second thoughts about your order, purchases made between October 15 and December 24 can be returned or exchanged until January 23, subject to the Terms and Conditions below. Returns can be made online by mail or in person at your closest store location, but can’t be processed at lululemon outlet stores. For an exchange, please visit a lululemon store. 

The fine print:  

Product must be unworn and unwashed, with the hang tags attached, in original packaging (if applicable), and accompanied by proof of purchase 

Some items, like gift cards, face masks, and, except as detailed in Return Terms and Conditions, product from “We Made Too Much” and final sale and can't be returned or exchanged  

Refunds will only be applied to the original form of card payment, to a lululemon gift card, or in accordance with applicable local laws 

Members can make in-store exchanges or return sale items for a lululemon gift card. Join lululemon Membership to get started. 


Start a return
JOIN LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP

Footwear Policy
If you’ve tested out your shoes and they’re not working out, we’re happy to provide a full refund or exchange within 30 days of the original purchase date. Shoes must be in the box and accompanied by proof of purchase.  


Holiday Return Policy
Our holiday return policy is here. Purchases made between October 15 and December 24 can be returned or exchanged until January 23. Holiday returns are still subject to our full return policy. Be sure to visit Gift Receipt before placing an order.

Looking to return a gift? Head to Return a Gift for support.


Terms and Conditions
All returns are handled on a case-by-case basis and ultimately at lululemon’s discretion, including determining whether an item is unworn and unwashed, with the intent of providing the best experience to our guests. Potential fraud or abuse of this policy, including excessive or unreasonable returns, may result in the rejection of future transactions or returns. If we choose to provide a refund beyond 30 days or in the event there’s no proof of purchase, refunds will be applied to a lululemon gift card or in accordance with applicable local laws. 

In some circumstances, we may request that additional information be provided, including personal information, for verification purposes. lululemon's practices relating to collection, use, and sharing of such personal information are further detailed in our Privacy Policy. 

You can find all the details in lululemon’s full Terms and Conditions, including lululemon Membership.
--
Terms of Use
lululemon usa inc. ("lululemon", “we”, “our”, “us”), as a convenience to you, grants you (“you”, “your”) access to its websites, accessible via www.lululemon.com, www.lululemon.ca, www.lululemon.com.hk, or any website owned or controlled by lululemon, including its subdomains (collectively, the “Sites”), and use of its applications (hereinafter referred to as the “Apps”) (together, the “Platform”), conditioned on your acceptance of these terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (collectively, the “Terms”).

For the purposes of these Terms, “Content” means collectively any text, images, graphics, software, source code, Apps, specifications, audio files, videos, articles, trademarks, logos, and other information or content made available through the Platform that are not Submissions (as that term is defined below), including, but not limited to, the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel”, and arrangement of such content.

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 15 OF THE GENERAL TERMS OF USE CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW TO RESOLVE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND LULULEMON. AMONG OTHER THINGS, SECTION 15 INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WHICH REQUIRES, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. SECTION 16 ALSO CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER. PLEASE READ SECTION 15 CAREFULLY.

UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS: (i) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION; AND (ii) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

These Terms contain the following terms and conditions sections:

A. GENERAL TERMS OF USE

B. TERMS OF SALE

C. GIFT CARDS TERMS

D. MOBILE APPS END USER TERMS

E. LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP TERMS

F. FUEL SPACE LOYALTY TERMS

A. GENERAL TERMS OF USE
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND THE LULULEMON PRIVACY POLICY (“Privacy Policy”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE PLATFORM. BY USING THE PLATFORM ON ANY COMPUTER, MOBILE PHONE, TABLET, CONSOLE OR OTHER DEVICES (COLLECTIVELY, “Devices”), YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS, AND YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THESE TERMS AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND THE PURPOSE FOR PROCESSING INFORMATION SET OUT IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST EXIT THE PLATFORM IMMEDIATELY AND DISCONTINUE ANY USE OF THE PLATFORM AND ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DOWNLOAD, USE, OR ACCESS THE APPS. YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE YOUR AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY EACH OF THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW.

LULULEMON MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, MODIFY THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME BY POSTING UPDATED TERMS ON THE PLATFORM OR BY SENDING REGISTERED USERS AN EMAIL NOTICE. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU MUST CEASE USING THE PLATFORM. BY CONTINUING TO USE OR ACCESS THE PLATFORM, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE REVISED TERMS. These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement You may have with lululemon or its affiliates for other products or services.

Our Privacy Policy, and as applicable our Cookie Policy, describes the collection, use, and further processing of personal information on the Platform. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained in these Terms, lululemon’s use of any personal information (e.g., name, address, etc.) you provide via the Platform shall be governed by our Privacy Policy. For further information regarding lululemon’s processing of your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Policy, available at https://shop.lululemon.com/help/legal/privacy-policy or, as applicable, the local version available at the bottom of the regional Site.

You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes lululemon has made, as those changes are binding on you.

The Terms were updated as of March 12, 2024 and will be in effect no later than April 15, 2024, solely to the extent you live in a jurisdiction that requires advance notice.

2. USE AND RESTRICTIONS.
The Platform may be accessed and used only by individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws, who are of legal age of majority in their place of residence, for example, 18 years of age or older, and who are not otherwise barred from using the Platform under applicable laws.

The Platform is provided solely as a convenience to you for non-commercial use. You may access and use the Platform only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and with these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that lululemon, in its sole discretion and without notice or any further obligation to you, may temporarily suspend or permanently discontinue and refuse any and all current and future access to or use of the Platform.

You agree not to:

resell for commercial purposes products purchased through the Platform, or as applicable, from a lululemon retail store;

commercially sell, resell, distribute, or frame the Platform or Content therein;

modify, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works of, transfer, or sell any Content;

use, frame, or utilize framing techniques to enclose any lululemon trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including the images found on the Platform, the content of any text, or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page) without lululemon’s express written consent;

collect or use any product listings or descriptions; or

use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing a lululemon name, trademark, or product name without lululemon’s express written consent.

When using the Platform, you may not:

breach, attempt to breach, or otherwise bypass any security or authentication measures of the Platform, the server on which our Sites are stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Platform;

transmit into or submit to the Platform any of the following: viruses, malware, malicious or destructive code, or any other routine, device, or other undisclosed feature (e.g., so-called time bomb, software lock, drop dead device, malicious logic, worm, Trojan horse, or trap, back door, or software routine) that either interferes with or otherwise harms or provides unauthorized access or causes unauthorized modifications to the Platform, including the systems or servers which host the Platform;

use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods from the Platform;

access or attempt to access any systems or servers on which the Platform is hosted or modify or alter the Platform in any way, other than for your use of the Platform as expressly permitted in these Terms;

attack the Platform via a denial or service attack or distributed denial or service attack; or

forge headers, create a false identity, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to deceive others or disguise the origin of any Content or other information transmitted to or via the Platform.

Any unauthorized use of the Platform will terminate the permission or license granted by these Terms, will result in you being barred from using the Platform, and may violate applicable law, including but not limited to, copyright laws, trademark laws (including trade dress), and communications regulations and statutes.

3. COPYRIGHT
The Content, Sites, and Apps, as well as the selection and arrangement of each, are the sole property of lululemon and/or its licensors and are protected by patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws and may not be used except in accordance with these Terms or with lululemon's express written consent. Other than as necessary for your use of the Platform in accordance with these Terms, lululemon grants no other privileges or rights in the Content to you, and you must keep intact all patent, copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices on the Content. Any Content owned by lululemon's licensors may be subject to additional restrictions. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, no part of the Apps, Sites, or Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, or distributed in any way to any other computer, server, website, smart phone, tablet, or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without lululemon’s express prior written consent.

If you print, copy, or download any part of the Platform in breach of these Terms, your right to use the Platform will cease immediately and you must, at lululemon’s option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. You may print one copy and may download extracts of any page(s) from the Sites for your personal, non-commercial purposes. You must not modify the paper or digital copies or any materials you have printed or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. lululemon’s status (and that of any identified contributors) as the author of material on the Platform must always be acknowledged.

4. TRADEMARK
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and trade dress, whether registered or unregistered (collectively, the "Marks") that appear on the Platform are proprietary to lululemon or such Marks' respective owners. You may not display or reproduce lululemon Marks other than with the prior written consent of lululemon, and you may not remove or otherwise modify any trademark notices from any Content. The Marks are protected by trademark, trade dress, copyright, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.

In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are trademarks, service marks, trade names, and/or trade dress of lululemon or their respective owners, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of lululemon.

5. COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENTS
lululemon respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask you to do the same. lululemon may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, terminate service and/or access to the Platform for users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work is the subject of copyright infringement and/or trademark infringement and appears on our Platform, please provide lululemon's designated agent the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512 ("DMCA"):

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

Identification of the copyrighted and/or trademarked work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works on a single website are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on that website;

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access which is to be disabled on the Platform, and information reasonably sufficient to permit lululemon to locate the material;

Information reasonably sufficient to permit lululemon to contact you as the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;

A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright and/or trademark owner, its agent, or the law; and

A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

lululemon's agent for notice of claims of copyright or trademark infringement on the Platform can be reached as follows:

By email: gec@lululemon.com

By mail: Attention: Brand Protection 1818 Cornwall Ave Vancouver, BC V6J 1C7 Canada

Please also note that for copyright infringements under Section 512(f) of the U.S. Copyright Act, any person who knowingly, materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.

6. YOUR ACCOUNT
If you purchase products or services using the Platform, you may be prompted to establish an account with lululemon, and at your discretion choose to do so. You are solely responsible for (i) maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and your account password; (ii) restricting access to your device and your account; and (iii) keeping your email address listed on your account current. You are solely responsible and liable for all activities, including, without limitation, all purchases of products and services through the use of the Platform that occur under your account or your account password.

You agree to immediately notify lululemon of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security by CONTACTING THE GEC. We have the right to disable any account or password at any time, for any reason.

You acknowledge and agree that lululemon may, in alignment with the Privacy Policy, to the extent permitted by applicable law, access, preserve, and disclose your account information, all Submissions (as defined below), all communications to and from you, all information relating to your use of the Platform, and all information relating to the use of the Platform under your account or account password if lululemon is required to do so by law or legal process or if lululemon determines, in its sole discretion, that such action is necessary to protect the rights of lululemon, third parties, and other users of the Platform or for purposes of responding to your request for customer service.

7. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
You consent to receive electronic communications from lululemon either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on the Platform for any purpose. You acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on the Platform shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.

You agree that lululemon may use and/or disclose information consistent with the Privacy Policy.

8. SUBMISSIONS
You acknowledge that you are responsible for the information, profiles, goals, opinions, messages, comments, images, audio, photos, videos, product or services feedback or ideas, and any other content or material that you submit, upload, post, or otherwise make available on or through the Platform (each, a "Submission") and through the services available in connection with the Platform, and that you, and not lululemon, have full responsibility for each Submission you make, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, and trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property ownership. Before making a Submission, you must ensure that you either own all intellectual property rights or are otherwise in a position to grant a License (as defined below) to lululemon. You represent that: (a) the posting and use of your Submission on or through the Service does not violate, misappropriate, or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark, and/or other intellectual property rights; (b) you will pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of the Submission you post; and (c) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms in your jurisdiction.

Unless otherwise explicitly stated herein or in the Privacy Policy, you agree that any Submission provided by you in connection with the Platform is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis.

You agree that lululemon is free to use a Submission for the purpose of providing you and others with use of the Platform, its functionality, and associated products and services, and, unless the rights in such Submission are assigned to lululemon under these Terms, you grant lululemon a sub-licensable, transferable, perpetual, nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license ("License") to (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or invented) link to, utilize, use, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, distribute, edit, adapt, modify, and prepare derivative works of the Submission.

In addition, to the extent any Submission contains your or any other person’s name, likeness, voice, or biographical information ("Personal Rights"), you must comply with any applicable legislative requirements and hereby grant and will cause such other person to grant to lululemon a License to (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or invented) exploit or use such Personal Rights for any advertising or marketing of lululemon products and services (in any media, whether now known or not currently known or invented). Submissions shall be considered non-confidential, and lululemon is under no obligation to treat such Submissions as proprietary information except pursuant to the Privacy Policy applicable to personally identifiable information. SUBJECT TO THE LICENSES GRANTED IN THESE TERMS, YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN YOUR SUBMISSIONS.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you own all Submissions posted by you on or through the Platform or otherwise have the right to grant the Licenses to lululemon set forth in this section; (ii) your Submission is accurate and not misleading; and (iii) the posting of your Submissions on or through the Platform does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, trademark rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person or entity or violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, or order. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, damages, and any other monies owing to any person by reason of any Submissions posted by you to or through the Platform. When submitting Submissions to or otherwise using the Platform and/or the services, you agree not to, without limitation:

use the Platform in a manner that uses technology or other means to access the Platform, or other content that is not authorized by lululemon;

use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content;

take any action that imposes or may impose (in lululemon’s sole discretion) an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on lululemon’s infrastructure;

attempt to gain unauthorized access to lululemon’s computer network or user accounts;

encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, or that gives rise to civil liability;

attempt to damage, disable, overburden, or impair lululemon servers or networks;

violate applicable third-party terms;

defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;

use racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive language;

discuss or incite illegal activity;

use explicit/obscene language or solicit/post sexually explicit images (actual or simulated);

post anything that exploits children or minors or that depicts cruelty to animals;

post any copyrighted, trade-secret, proprietary, patented proprietary, or trademarked materials without the express permission from the owner of such rights; post any person’s name, likeness, voice, or biographical information without the express permission from such person (or if that person is a minor, from that person’s parent or legal guardian);

disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, 'junk mail', 'spam', 'chain letters', 'pyramid schemes', or any other form of solicitation;

use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the Platform; or

alter the opinions, goals, profiles, or comments posted by others on the Platform.

This list of prohibitions provides examples and is not exhaustive. lululemon reserves the right in its sole discretion to (i) terminate your access to your account; (ii) terminate your ability to post to the Platform (or the services); and (iii) refuse, delete, modify, edit, or remove any Submissions; with or without cause and with or without notice, for any reason or no reason, or for any action that lululemon determines is inappropriate or disruptive to the Platform or to any other user of the Platform and/or services. lululemon may report to law enforcement authorities any actions that may be, or lululemon reasonably suspects to be, illegal, and any reports it receives of such conduct. When legally required, or at lululemon's discretion, lululemon will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any investigation of alleged illegal activity on the Platform or on the Internet.

lululemon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Submissions posted or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, or profanity you may encounter. As a provider of interactive services, lululemon is only a forum and is not liable for any statements, representations, or Submissions provided by its users in any public forum or personal home page.

These prohibitions do not require lululemon to monitor, police, or remove any Submissions or other information submitted by you or any other user.

lululemon prohibits crawling, scraping, caching, or otherwise accessing any content on the Platform via automated means, including, but not limited to, user profiles and photos (except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with lululemon's express consent).

lululemon's policy is to not accept or consider content, information, ideas, suggestions, or other materials other than those we have specifically requested and to which certain specific terms, conditions, and requirements may apply. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed or are developing independently. Accordingly, lululemon does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas and takes no responsibility for any materials or ideas so transmitted. If, despite this policy, you choose to send us content, information, ideas, suggestions, or other materials, you further agree that lululemon is free to use any such content, information, ideas, suggestions, or other materials, for any purposes whatsoever, including, without limitation, developing and marketing products and services, without any liability or payment of any kind to you.

9. MODIFICATIONS
Any Content offered or posted on the Platform is subject to modification or discontinuation at any time and from time to time without notice or obligation to you. Without limiting the foregoing, lululemon reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to charge fees for the use or purchase of, or access to, any products, services or Content offered through the Platform, at any time and from time to time.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless lululemon, its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents against any losses, liabilities, claims, and expenses (including attorney’s fees) as a result of (i) your Submission or your access to or use of the Platform; (ii) your breach or alleged breach of these Terms; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including, without limitation, any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property, or privacy right; (iv) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances, or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, including, without limitation, all regulatory, administrative, and legislative authorities; or (v) any misrepresentation made by you. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of these Terms.

11. THIRD-PARTY SITES
The Platform may contain links to websites, widgets, Marks, or other resources owned, controlled, operated, or otherwise provisioned by third parties other than lululemon or its affiliates (collectively “Third-Party Sites”). Access to Third-Party Sites is provided solely as a convenience to you. lululemon does not control Third-Party Sites and is not responsible for the content, products, services, or information offered or collected by any such third parties. The inclusion of Third-Party Sites on the Platform does not imply lululemon’s endorsement of the content, products, services, or information offered, advertised, endorsed, or promoted by any third party or of any company or person. If you decide to access any third-party websites or acquire any third-party products or services, you do so entirely at your own risk, and you may be subject to the terms and conditions and the privacy policies imposed by such third parties.

12. LINKING TO THE SITES
You may link to our Sites, provided you do not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none exists. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with applicable law.

13. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER
AS A CONDITION OF YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, YOU WARRANT TO LULULEMON THAT YOU WILL NOT USE THE PLATFORM FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED BY THESE TERMS.

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE DETAILED IN THE TERMS OF SALE (AS DEFINED BELOW), THE SITE, APPS, SUBMISSIONS, AND ANY PRODUCTS OR CONTENT, INCLUDING LINKS, PROVIDED VIA THE PLATFORM OR STORES, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LULULEMON DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, APPS, SUBMISSIONS, CONTENT, AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, DURABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM ERRORS, OMISSIONS, COMPUTER VIRUSES, OR OTHER MALICIOUS OR UNAUTHORIZED CODE OR PROGRAMS, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. IN ADDITION, LULULEMON DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE, APPS, SUBMISSIONS, CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THE PLATFORM IS SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT OR THAT ANY PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR INVENTORY WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR STORE. lululemon will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data, or other proprietary material due to your use of our Platform or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.

IN ADDITION, THE PLATFORM MAY CONTAIN TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR INACCURACIES AND MAY NOT BE COMPLETE OR CURRENT. LULULEMON THEREFORE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS, INACCURACIES, OR OMISSIONS (INCLUDING AFTER AN ORDER HAS BEEN SUBMITTED) AND TO CHANGE OR UPDATE INFORMATION AT ANY TIME WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE. PLEASE NOTE THAT SUCH ERRORS, INACCURACIES, OR OMISSIONS MAY RELATE TO PRICING AND AVAILABILITY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LULULEMON RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL OR REFUSE TO ACCEPT ANY ORDER PLACED BASED ON INCORRECT PRICING OR AVAILABILITY INFORMATION. IF AN ITEM BECOMES UNAVAILABLE FOR WHATEVER REASON AFTER AN ORDER IS ACCEPTED, LULULEMON MAY TERMINATE THE ORDER BY GIVING YOU WRITTEN NOTICE. IN SUCH EVENT, LULULEMON WILL CONTACT YOU TO ARRANGE FOR A REFUND OR PROVISION OF CREDIT AGAINST FUTURE PURCHASE(S).

Minor differences in color and other variations in products are possible as a result of different image acquisition, display technologies, or other technical reasons. lululemon is not liable for these variants and deviations.

Nothing in these Terms shall affect your legal rights under applicable consumer laws.

14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LULULEMON AND ITS PARENT, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES (INCLUDING IVIVVA ATHLETICA CANADA INC.), OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, AND THIRD-PARTY PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, MULTIPLIED, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR REVENUES OR FAILURE TO REALIZE EXPECTED SAVINGS, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER THEORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LOSS OR OTHER DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY UNAVAILABILITY OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR APPS OR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, VIRUSES, OR MALICIOUS CODE, UNLESS SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE IS CAUSED DIRECTLY BY LULULEMON’S FRAUD, RECKLESSNESS, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR NEGLIGENCE. THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITIATION FOR CERTAIN LIABILITY OR DAMAGES. BY ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MAY BE WAIVING RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS THAT ARE AT THIS TIME UNKNOWN OR UNSUSPECTED, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH WAIVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE, THE BENEFITS OF SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA, AND ANY SIMILAR LAW OF ANY STATE, PROVINCE, OR TERRITORY, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR."

You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with lululemon must be filed within one (1) year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.

15. ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
General

We believe that arbitration offers a prompt, efficient way to resolve any dispute, controversy, or other claim that may arise between you and us (whether arising under any legal or equitable theory, and given the broadest meaning enforceable under law, a “Dispute”).

To the maximum extent permitted by law, you and we agree that any and all Disputes arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms and prior versions of these Terms, any communications you receive from lululemon, any products sold or distributed through the Platform, your account, your access to or use of the Platform (including for the purchase of lululemon products), your Submissions, and any Personal Rights contained therein, including claims and disputes that arose between us before the effective date of these Terms, will be resolved exclusively and finally by a single arbitrator using binding arbitration pursuant to the Consumer Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as further detailed in this Section 15 (“Arbitration Agreement”). DISPUTES WILL ONLY BE CONDUCTED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR SIMILAR ACTION, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW. There is no judge or jury in arbitration. The discovery and other procedures are more limited and less formal, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. The arbitrator must follow these Terms and can award the same damages and relief as a court in an individual proceeding (including attorneys’ fees).

The only exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement are: (i) you and lululemon may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if such claims qualify and remain in small claims court; and (ii) you or lululemon may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, “Dispute” will also include disputes that arose or involve facts occurring before the existence of this or any prior versions of the Terms, as well as claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms.

Waiver of Jury Trial

YOU AND LULULEMON HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and lululemon are instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in this Arbitration Agreement. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief

YOU AND LULULEMON AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE BATCH ARBITRATION CLAUSE BELOW OR OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD, ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR MASS ACTION BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND DISPUTES OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the party's individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor shall it, affect the terms and conditions under the subsection entitled “Batch Arbitration.” Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration Agreement, if a court decides by means of a final decision, not subject to any further appeal or recourse, that the limitations of this subsection, “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” are invalid or unenforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), you and lululemon agree that that particular claim or request for relief (and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be litigated in the state or provincial (as applicable) or federal courts located in either the State of Washington if arising the United States or in the Province of British Columbia if arising in Canada. All other Disputes shall be arbitrated or litigated in small claims court. This subsection does not prevent you or lululemon from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims.

Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution

If a Dispute arises between you and lululemon, lululemon is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution. You and lululemon agree to make good faith, informal efforts to resolve Disputes to seek a prompt, low‐cost and mutually beneficial outcome. Before initiating any proceeding, you and we must first give the other an opportunity to resolve the Dispute. We will reach out to you via your information on file and you will reach us by emailing us at TERMSOFUSE@LULULEMON.COM with the following information: (i) your name; (ii) your address; (iii) a written description of our claim in the Dispute; and (iv) a description of the specific relief you seek. If you and we do not resolve the Dispute within forty-five (45) days after receiving said notification, then you or we may pursue the Dispute in arbitration, as detailed below, or, if you have opted out of arbitration as provided under “30-Day Right to Opt Out”, in court.

30-Day Right to Opt Out

Notwithstanding the above, you have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement within thirty (30) days from the date that you first consent to these Terms (the “Opt-Out Deadline”). To opt out of arbitration, simply email us at GEC@LULULEMON.COM with the following information: (i) your name; (ii) your address; and (iii) a clear statement that you do not wish to resolve Disputes with us through arbitration. Any decision to opt out of arbitration will have no adverse effect on your relationship with us, but we do have to enforce the Opt-Out Deadline. Any opt-out request received after the Opt-Out Deadline will not be valid, and you will be required to pursue any Dispute in arbitration. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these Terms will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

Arbitration Procedures

If the Dispute is not resolved as provided under “Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution” within forty-five (45) days, either you or we may initiate arbitration proceedings. The AAA will administer all Disputes, and the arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator, in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules then in effect, except as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. These Terms govern in the event of any conflict with the applicable arbitration rules.

The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including, without limitation, disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, except for the following: (i) all Disputes arising out of or relating to the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” including any claim that all or part of the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” is unenforceable, illegal, void, or voidable, or that such subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” has been breached, shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (ii) except as expressly contemplated in the subsection entitled “Batch Arbitration,” all Disputes about the payment of arbitration fees shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (iii) all Disputes about whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; and (iv) all Disputes about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties, except as expressly provided in the subsection entitled “Batch Arbitration.”

A party who wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a request for arbitration (the “Request”). The Request must include: (i) the name, telephone number, mailing address, and email address of the party seeking arbitration and the account username (if applicable), as well as the email address associated with any applicable account; (ii) a statement of the legal claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (iii) a description of the remedy sought and an accurate, good‐faith calculation of the amount in controversy in United States Dollars; (iv) a statement certifying completion of the Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution process as described above; and (v) evidence that the requesting party has paid any necessary filing fees in connection with such arbitration.

The arbitration will be conducted in English, closed to the public, and confidential. You and we agree that all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings shall be kept confidential and shall not be shared with anyone except the parties’ attorneys, accountants, or business advisors, and then subject to the condition that they agree to keep all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings confidential. All related records shall be kept confidential, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award.

The Terms evidence a transaction which may involve interstate commerce; notwithstanding any other provision herein with respect to the applicable substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement and any arbitration proceedings.

Nothing herein will preclude us from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration (such as orders to stay a court action or compel arbitration), temporary restraining orders or similar relief, or redress for potential violations of our intellectual property rights, from any court of competent jurisdiction.

Attorneys’ Fees and Costs

The parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief sought in the Request was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Your responsibility to pay any AAA fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable AAA Rules. If you or we need to invoke the authority of a court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration, then the party that obtains an order compelling arbitration in such action shall have the right to collect from the other party its reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in securing an order compelling arbitration. The prevailing party in any court action relating to whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration is entitled to recover their reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

Arbitration Award

The arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available pursuant to applicable law. The arbitrator will make any award in writing but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. Such award will be final and binding on the parties and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties for purposes of enforcement.

Location of Arbitration

Unless you and lululemon otherwise agree, or the “Batch Arbitration” process discussed in the subsection below is triggered, the arbitration will be conducted in the country where you reside. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator may direct a limited and reasonable exchange of information between the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration. If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum.

Batch Arbitration

To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you and we agree that in the event that there are one hundred (100) or more individual Requests of a substantially similar nature filed against lululemon by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations, within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible thereafter), the AAA shall (i) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Requests per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Requests left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining requests); (ii) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (iii) provide for the resolution of each batch as a single, consolidated arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator, and one final award (“Batch Arbitration”).

All parties agree that Requests are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise the AAA, and the AAA shall appoint a sole standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process (“Administrative Arbitrator”). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by lululemon.

You and we agree to cooperate in good faith with the AAA to implement the Batch Arbitration process, including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of requests, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (i) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (ii) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings. This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class, collective, and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as expressly set forth in this provision.

Invalidity, Expiration

Except as provided in the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief”, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. You further agree that any Dispute that you have with lululemon as detailed in this Arbitration Agreement must be initiated via arbitration within the applicable statute of limitation for that claim or controversy, or it will be forever time-barred. Likewise, you agree that all applicable statutes of limitation will apply to such arbitration in the same manner as those statutes of limitation would apply in the applicable court of competent jurisdiction.

Modification

Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, you and we agree that if lululemon makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will notify you as set forth above. Unless you reject the change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing to lululemon at TERMSOFUSE@LULULEMON.COM, your continued use of the lululemon Site and/or Services, including the acceptance of products and services offered on the Site following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement, constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement do not provide you with a new opportunity to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement if you have previously agreed to a version of these Terms and did not validly opt out of arbitration. If you reject any change or update to this Arbitration Agreement, and you were bound by an existing agreement to arbitrate Disputes as of the date you first accepted the Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), those agreements to arbitrate remain in full force and effect. lululemon will continue to honor any valid opt outs of the Arbitration Agreement that you made to a prior version of these Terms.

16. GOVERNING LAW
All litigation, court proceedings, arbitration proceedings, mediation proceedings, lawsuits, court hearings, and other hearings or actions initiated in connection with the Platform and/or the Content must and will be venued exclusively in Seattle, Washington. These Terms and the relationship between you and lululemon will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington and the federal laws of the United States applicable therein, without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws of any jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply in any way to these Terms or to the transactions contemplated by these Terms.

17. MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and these Terms will be reformed, construed, and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such provision had never been contained herein. Any headings or titles herein are for convenience only.

18. LANGUAGE
You agree it is the express wish between you and lululemon that the official language of these Terms and all communications and agreements between lululemon and you and any proceedings in connection with these Terms and/or your use of the Platform exclusively shall be made in the English language. lululemon and you waive any rights we or you may have under any other law to have these Terms written in another language. Any translation of these Terms will be for convenience only.

19. NO PARTNERSHIP
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and lululemon as a result of these Terms, the Privacy Policy, or any use of the Platform. lululemon's performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process. Nothing contained in these Terms or the Privacy Policy is in derogation of lululemon's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Platform or information provided to or gathered by lululemon with respect to such use.

20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms, including all terms and conditions incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and lululemon with respect to the Platform, Sites, and the Services provided by lululemon, including the sale of products, and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and lululemon with respect to the Platform.

21. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any concerns about material which appears on the Platform, please contact us by emailing us at: TERMSOFUSE@LULULEMON.COM or by writing to us at:

lululemon Attn: Legal – Terms of Use 1818 Cornwall Ave Vancouver, BC V6J 1C7 Canada

B. TERMS OF SALE
These Terms of Sale (“Terms of Sale”) describe the terms and conditions in which lululemon sells lululemon products (“Products”) through lululemon-owned stores (each, a “Store”) and through the Platform to you and provide the legal information applicable to the contract formed when you purchase a Product from our Platform or Store (an “Order”). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SALE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING, USING, OR PURCHASING THROUGH OUR PLATFORM OR STORES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SALE AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.

1. PLACING AN ORDER. The contract for an Order made on a Platform is formed through the following steps: a) you place an Order, b) we acknowledge and accept the Order, and c) we send you a shipping confirmation. To place an Order, you will be required to submit your name, address, email, phone number, and a valid Payment Method (defined below) on the “Order Summary” page. Please carefully review all Product specifications, including size, color, and price, and any shipping costs, delivery fees, or taxes that may apply to your Order, along with these Terms of Sale. By completing the Order, you accept these Terms of Sale and your obligation to pay the total price. We will acknowledge receipt of your Order by displaying an order confirmation number and/or sending an email to the email address you submitted. If your Order is accepted, we will send an email to confirm acceptance. When your Product is shipped from our warehouse, we will send an email with shipping confirmation. Alternatively, if you have selected “Buy Online, Pick Up in Store”, we will send an email when your Product is available for pickup in your selected Store. If any Product in your Order becomes unavailable, you will be refunded any respective amount(s) paid via the original Payment Method.

2. RESTRICTIONS ON PLACING ORDERS. Products are offered for sale only to end consumers who are of legal age of majority in their place of residence (for example, 18 years of age or older). We reserve the right to not accept Orders placed by consumers under 18 years of age or persons other than end consumers. We only supply Products for domestic and private use. You agree to not purchase any Product for commercial resale. WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

3. AVAILABILITY. All Products are subject to availability. Some Products on our Platform may not be available in Stores, and vice versa. We will inform you by email as soon as possible if a Product in your Order is not available. We make no representations or warranties that any Products displayed on our Platforms will be available at any time or location.

4. COLORS, DETAILS, AND PACKAGING. Product colors, details (e.g., logo placement), and packaging may vary slightly from Platform images. Platform images are for illustrative purposes only. We make every effort to display colors and logo placement as accurately as possible, but we cannot guarantee how such colors will display on your device. Additionally, logo placement is dependent on production lot and timing and may therefore differ from the Platform images.

5. PAYMENT METHODS. Acceptable payment methods (each, a “Payment Method”) may vary by Stores and Platform and will be shown on the “Order Summary” page. Such Payment Methods include, but are not limited to, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Visa Debit, JCB Discover, Paypal, Klarna, Afterpay, and the lululemon gift card (“Gift Card”). We will not charge your Payment Method until we dispatch your Order. We take every reasonable care to ensure your Order and subsequent transactions are conducted via a secure link. To protect against fraudulent use of Payment Methods, we conduct security checks on all Orders. These security checks take various forms and may involve contacting you by phone before we process your Order. We also procure the services of various credit rating and fraud prevention companies, and we may share details of your Order with them for the sole purpose of detecting and preventing fraudulent use of Payment Methods. Such information will be shared and processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Certain Payment Methods, such as Klarna or Afterpay, may be subject to additional requirements for use and approvals by such third parties. When placing an Order using these methods, please be sure to review any additional terms and available documentation.

6. DELIVERY. For Orders that are being shipped to you directly, your Order will be fulfilled by the estimated delivery date indicated in the shipping confirmation, unless an Event Outside Our Control occurs (defined below). If an Event Outside Our Control prevents us from meeting the estimated delivery date, we will contact you with a revised estimated delivery date. Delivery is completed when the Product is delivered to the address submitted in your Order, at which time the Products become your responsibility. You own the Products once we have received payment in full, including any delivery charges. Certain regions may require a “Delivery Fee” to be included on items shipped to addresses in that region. If your designated shipping address requires a Delivery Fee, the amount will be noted and included on the Order Summary page. DELIVERY FEES AND, IF SELECTED, ANY EXPEDITED SHIPPING FEES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE. Further information regarding shipping timing and details is available in our Shipping Policy at https://info.lululemon.com/help/shipping.

7. BUY ONLINE, PICK UP IN STORE. Some Products on the Platform may be available for pickup at select Stores (as an Order method, “Buy Online, Pick Up in Store”). This method is not available in all Stores and may be temporarily disabled from time to time. When placing an Order through Buy Online, Pick Up in Store, we will notify you via email when your Order is ready for pickup. Your Order will be held at the selected Store until the close of Store hours that day. Orders that are not picked up will be canceled and refunded. Only you or your designated contact may pick up the Order. Order confirmation number and photo ID will be required for verification. For more information on Buy Online, Pick Up in Store, see frequently asked questions at https://info.lululemon.com/help/ordering/buy-online-pick-up-in-store.

8. OUR RIGHT TO REJECT OR CANCEL AN ORDER. We expressly reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to limit, reject, restrict, refuse, or cancel any Order placed by you, wholly or partially, at any time, and without notice or liability for any damages or costs other than the repayment of any amount received from such Order, in certain situations, including, but not limited to:

if your Order exceeds Product purchase limits in quantity or dollar amount;

if your purchase history, Membership history, or related accounts show a high volume of exchanges or returns or suspicious volume of purchases;

if we believe that you ordered or purchased Products (single or cumulative transactions) for resale, tax evasion, or another fraudulent purpose;

if the delivery address you provide is the address of a freight forwarding entity or individual or an address flagged by our systems as potentially linked to fraudulent or suspect activities;

if our security systems flag your Order or account details as unusual or susceptible to fraud, discount abuse, or misuse, including fraud related to credit card payments;

if the Product you seek to purchase is unavailable, not in stock, incorrectly priced, or otherwise incorrectly described;

if there was a misspelling, mismarked pricing, or other mistake or error in connection with the Order;

if we are unable to obtain payment authorization;

if your address, form of payment, or billing information is unverifiable or incorrect;

if shipping restrictions may apply to a Product in your Order;

if we believe you are ineligible to make purchases or use a discount program code or are unauthorized to apply a discount or promotion code to your purchase;

if we cannot deliver to the address provided;

if you are involved in an ongoing legal dispute with lululemon;

if you have previously breached the conditions or terms of the Terms of Use, including these Terms of Sale; or

due to an Event Outside Our Control (see below).

9. LIMITED GUARANTEE. Our Quality Promise is our limited guarantee that the Product you purchase will perform as intended and detailed in each Product’s applicable “Why We Made This” section on the hang tag or Product description page on the Platform. This limited guarantee is restricted to one (1) year from the date of purchase, and proof of purchase is required. This limited guarantee does not apply to Products impacted by ordinary wear and tear, personal preference, misuse or accidents. For Products where the Quality Promise does not apply, please see our Return Policy (below). See our Quality Promise page for additional information.

10. RETURNS AND REFUND POLICY. Unless we have stated otherwise (for example, during the holiday season), you have thirty (30) days from the date the Product was purchased in Store or, if delivered, from the date you receive your Order to return such Product to us. You are legally obligated to take reasonable care of the Products while they are in your possession. All returned Products must be unworn and unwashed with hang tags still attached, accompanied by proof of purchase at the time of return. If you are unable to provide a proof of purchase, we may request that additional information, such as photo ID, be provided for verification purposes. All Products are subject to inspection. You will receive a full refund of the price you paid for the Product, less any applicable expedited shipping charges or Delivery Fee, which are non-refundable. lululemon will process the refund as soon as possible, and in any event, within thirty (30) calendar days of the date you gave us notice of the return. If the Products were delivered to you, you must return the Products as soon as reasonably practicable. Unless the Products are faulty or not as described, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products to us. You may also return Products to any of our Stores, excluding any outlet Stores. However, if the Product is returned to a Store whose local currency differs from the original currency of the Order, the refund will be issued in that Store’s local currency. Refunds will be issued via the Payment Method of your Order or on a lululemon Gift Card.

Without prejudice to any Consumer Rights, Products excluded from our Returns and Refund Policy are underwear, headwear, Products from “We Made Too Much”, and Gift Cards.

For more information on how to return an item and further details, please see our Return Policy, including the Frequently Asked Questions at https://info.lululemon.com/help/returns/return-policies.

11. DISCOUNT AND LOYALTY PROGRAMS. We make available certain discount and loyalty programs for qualifying individuals. These programs are subject to change and may have additional terms and conditions that apply, including but not limited to the Membership Terms, Sweat Collective Terms and Conditions, and Military & First Responder Terms and Conditions.

Unless otherwise provided for in a separate discount or loyalty program agreement: (i) lululemon may restrict the Payment Methods used in connection with an applicable discount (for example, a debit or credit card may be required); and (ii) you may not purchase product with your applied discount with the intent to commercially resell. lululemon reserves, and you acknowledge and agree that lululemon has, the absolute right to deny use of any discount or refuse Orders for any person suspected of reselling or orders which have characteristics of reselling.

12. EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL. lululemon is not liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of its obligations under any contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (“Events Outside Our Control”). An Event Outside Our Control includes any act, event, non-happening, omission, or accident beyond our reasonable control, and particularly includes the following, without limitation: (a) strikes, lockouts, or other industrial action; (b) civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack, threat of terrorist attack, war (declared or not), or threat or preparation for war; (c) fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, or other natural disaster; (d) impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport, or other means of public or private transport; (e) impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks; (f) acts, decrees, legislation, regulations, or restrictions of any government; and (g) pandemic or epidemic. lululemon's performance under any contract is deemed to be suspended for that period that the Event Outside Our Control continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will make reasonable efforts to bring the Event Outside Our Control to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the Event Outside Our Control.

13. DISPUTES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In addition to Section 14 (Limitation of Liability) of the General Terms of Use incorporated herein, these Terms include the entire scope of our AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTANDING CONCERNING ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR SHOPPING, ORDERS, PURCHASES, RETURNS, AND ACCESS OR USE OF LULULEMON STORES AND THE PLATFORM. TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, the maximum aggregate liability of either party to the other on all claims under these terms for any Order or claim that arise or relate to these, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), strict liability, statute, or otherwise, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO LULULEMON FOR THE PRODUCT(S) PURCHASED IN THE RELATED TRANSACTION. In no event shall the maximum aggregate liability exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the price paid for the Product(s) in your order. Nothing in these Terms of Sales limits or excludes our liability for any liability that cannot be limited or excluded by law. IF THESE LIMITATIONS ARE HELD INAPPLICABLE OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF LULULEMON TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR ANY PRODUCTS OFFERED ON THE SITE OR A MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF USD $100.00. Some of the above exclusions and limitations do not apply in certain jurisdictions in the United States under applicable consumer protection laws.

Any dispute relating in any way to these Terms of Sale and purchases from the Stores or the Platform, and the use thereof, will be resolved per Section 15 “Arbitration” in the General Terms of Use. THIS SECTION MAY LIMIT CERTAIN RIGHTS. PLEASE REVIEW THE LULULEMON TERMS OF USE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.

14. THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. This contract is between lululemon and you. No other person shall have any right to enforce any terms herein.

15. WAIVER. If either party fails to insist that the other perform any of its obligations under these Terms of Sale, or if either party does not enforce its rights against the other party, or delays in doing so, such failure to insist or enforce will not mean that the concerned party has waived its rights against the other, nor that the other party does not have to comply with those obligations. If either party waives a default by the other, it will only do so in writing, and such waiver will not mean that the party will automatically waive any later default.

16. MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of these Terms of Sale is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and these Terms of Sale will be reformed, construed, and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such provision had never been contained herein. Any headings or titles herein are for convenience only. lululemon's performance of these Terms of Sale is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Sale, the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, or Terms of Use is in derogation of lululemon’s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Platform or information provided to or gathered by lululemon with respect to such use.

17. LANGUAGE. English shall exclusively be the official language of these Terms of Sale and any communications, agreements, and proceedings between us. Both parties waive any rights we may have under any other law to have the Terms of Sale written in another language. Any translation of these Terms of Sale will be for convenience only.

18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. These Terms of Sale, the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy, as applicable, constitute the entire agreement, superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and lululemon with respect to the Platform.

19. REVISIONS TO THESE TERMS OF SALE. We may revise these Terms of Sale from time to time. Every time you place an Order, the Terms of Sale in force at that time will apply to your Order. Whenever we revise these Terms of Sale, we will notify you of material amendments and indicate the most recent date of updates at the top of the Terms page.

20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. These Terms of Sale shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of Washington, and any applicable local laws therein, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions.

C. GIFT CARDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These Gift Card Terms and Conditions (the “Gift Card Terms”) apply to all lululemon physical and electronic Gift Cards (“eGift Cards”), including all lululemon trade-in, credit, or promotional physical and eGift Cards (each considered a Gift Card) purchased, used, loaded, obtained, or otherwise redeemed (collectively, “Used”) by you.

By Using a Gift Card, you agree to be bound by the Terms, which include these Gift Card Terms, the broader lululemon Terms of Use, Terms of Sale, as applicable, and the terms and conditions of lululemon’s third-party Gift Card providers (as detailed below). To the extent there are conflicts between these Gift Card Terms and the broader lululemon Terms of Use or the Terms of Sale, as applicable, these Gift Card Terms will control with respect to the use, purchase, and redemption of Gift Cards. You agree and acknowledge that lululemon may process your personal information in connection with your Use of Gift Cards in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

In these Gift Card Terms, “you” and “your” specifically means the cardholder who Uses a Gift Card. “Online” means on the Platform.

For balance inquiries, please ask an educator in-Store to check your balance or visit our Gift Cards page on our Site.

1. PURCHASING
Gift Cards are available for purchase in Stores, Online, and at various other authorized retailers, and are offered in the following denominations:

Physical Gift Cards purchased in-Store can be purchased in amounts between $10 and $1,000.

Gift Cards purchased Online (both physical and eGift Cards) can be purchased in increments of $50, $100, or $200, with the ability to add in a custom value amount up to $1,000.

Gift Cards have no value until activated. lululemon reserves the right to suspend or delay activation until payment has been cleared.

It is your responsibility to obtain a receipt for Gift Card purchases and to ensure that the card number listed on the receipt corresponds to the card number printed on the Gift Card.

Gift Cards are only valid if purchased from Stores, Online, or an authorized third-party distributor. A Gift Card is neither valid nor acceptable, and we will not be held liable, if it is obtained from unauthorized sellers or resellers, including Internet auction sites.

Limitations:

lululemon’s policies limit the maximum value of each Gift Card to $2,000, and lululemon uses commercially reasonable efforts to limit the aggregated amount of Gift Cards purchased to $5,000 per day (within a 24-hour period), per individual across Stores and Online.

You may not use third-party gift cards (e.g., mall gift cards) to purchase a Gift Card.

Your lululemon Gift Card balance cannot be used to purchase other Gift Cards.

Gift Cards may not be purchased using promotional offers or discounts.

A Gift Card is not a credit, debit, or charge card. No implied warranties attach to purchased Gift Cards.

Gift Cards cannot be returned; resold; used for payment outside of Stores or Online; used for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes, or promotional or commercial purposes; redeemed for more than face value; transferred for value; redeemed for cash; returned for a cash refund (except to the extent required by law); or used in a manner otherwise prohibited by lululemon. No portion of your Gift Card balance may be transferred to another person, lululemon Wallet, or lululemon account or applied to any other account, except to the extent required by law.

If purchasing Online, lululemon will not be liable for any failure or delay in delivery. You are obligated to provide the correct address or email address, as applicable. lululemon is not responsible for Gift Cards that are undeliverable or not received due to inaccurate delivery information.

lululemon is not liable for Gift Cards purchased or sold via websites that facilitate the aftermarket sales of pre-owned merchandise (e.g., Facebook, eBay, Craigslist). Gift Cards obtained or purchased from non-lululemon sources may be invalid or have a lower redeemable balance or value than the unauthorized vendor represented. lululemon is not obligated to honor invalid Gift Cards or balances or values that have been misrepresented or are incorrect.

2. REDEMPTION
Gift Cards can only be redeemed in Stores and Online. Gift Cards cannot be used at other retailers (shop-in-shops), such as Harrods or Brown Thomas, or franchises or with our wholesale partners (for example, fitness studios).

If you are purchasing a Gift Card from an authorized third-party retailer, redemption may be restricted to Stores and the Site in that country of purchase. It is your responsibility to review any additional terms and conditions at the time of purchase.

When you use the Gift Card to make a purchase, the amount available on the Gift Card is reduced by the purchase amount, and each subsequent purchase is deducted from the balance. The use of your Gift Card for purchases is a demand for and withdrawal from the remaining value on your Gift Card. The balance will remain on the Gift Card until it is decreased to zero. You must have sufficient available funds on a Gift Card to make any purchase or otherwise pay any difference between the available funds and the purchase amount using an acceptable Payment Method.

You do not have the authority to halt a purchase initiated with your Gift Card, and you are liable for any such transaction. lululemon reserves the right to refuse a Gift Card or limit its use if lululemon has reason to believe that the Use is unauthorized, fraudulent, or otherwise illegal.

Restrictions:

No more than five (5) Gift Cards can be redeemed at a time.

Gift Cards cannot be redeemed in the following countries: Qatar, Bahrain, Oman, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Israel.

Gift Cards purchased in Thailand are only redeemable for purchases at lululemon retail stores in Thailand.

Gift Cards purchased in China are only redeemable for purchases at lululemon retail stores in China.

Gift Cards cannot be used in Store or Online in combination with certain discount programs, including, but not limited to, the Teams, and Bulk sales.

Gift Cards are not eligible for redemption on the lululemon Like New website or in connection with Experiential Store offerings (e.g., Fuel Space or workout classes).

Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase certain ineligible goods and services (e.g., lululemon Studio or Peloton products or subscriptions). To pay for an order that includes any ineligible items, you may need to provide a credit card, debit card, or another valid payment method. Eligible goods and services are subject to change at our discretion.

Gift Cards cannot be transferred to another account after you have redeemed the claim code.

Gift Cards cannot be used as payment for orders placed for commercial purposes (i.e., sourcing inventory online). You are not permitted to Use Gift Cards to fulfill sales or fund purchases with the intent of reselling or exporting the goods or services.

3. RETURNS
Subject to the Returns Policy, all returns for purchases made with a lululemon Gift Card will be refunded by crediting a Gift Card or issuing a new Gift Card in the amount originally applied to the returned item. If multiple Payment Methods were used for the purchase, the portion paid for with a lululemon Gift Card will be refunded accordingly.

4. RISK OF LOSS
The risk of loss and title for Gift Cards passes to the purchaser upon sale, upon lululemon’s electronic transmission of the Gift Card to the purchaser or designated recipient, or lululemon’s delivery to the carrier, whichever is applicable.

You are responsible for safeguarding your Gift Card from unauthorized use. lululemon is not responsible if any Gift Card is lost, stolen, or destroyed or if your Gift Card is Used without your permission. lululemon will not replace or replenish Gift Cards that are lost, stolen, or Used without authorization.

If you create a lululemon account, you may add Gift Cards to your lululemon account balance ("Account Balance"). lululemon is not responsible if your Account Balance is Used without your permission.

Beware of gift card scams. Do not share your Gift Card number and PIN if you are NOT purchasing an item from Stores or Online. You can report potential scams to your local law enforcement and the FTC (reportfraud.ftc.gov). Many gift card scams request payment by a gift card. Go to FTC.gov/giftcards to learn more about gift card scams. lululemon is not responsible for and assumes no liability to you for any unlawful conduct or fraud by any third party associated with any gift card.

5. EXPIRATION OF GIFT CARDS.
Gift Cards issued in the United States or Canada never expire or accrue fees.

6. VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS; SUSPENSION; FRAUD
By Using a Gift Card, you agree to comply with our Terms and not Use a Gift Card in a way that is harmful to lululemon, its affiliates, or its guests. If you engage in a prohibited activity that violates our Terms, company policies, or that, in our sole discretion, disrupts or harms our customers, reputation, goodwill, business, or operations, we may take additional action(s) against you and impose restrictions on Gift Cards, including Gift Card balances, services, and accounts, Orders, and purchases.

We reserve the right, without prior notice, at any time and in our sole discretion, to (i) prohibit you from purchasing, claiming or redeeming, or reloading Gift Cards; (ii) void, limit, modify, deactivate, suspend, or refuse to accept Gift Cards (including as a component of your Online balance) and not provide a refund; (iii) cancel or limit Orders and fulfillment (including Orders relating to Gift Cards and balances used to make purchases); or (iv) close or suspend accounts and access to our services. This may occur under certain situations, including, but not limited to, (a) if a Gift Card was obtained, used, or applied to an Online account or used as payment in a manner that is fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of our Terms and policies; (b) if the Gift Card balance uploaded or applied to an Online account exceeds a legal or regulatory limit; (c) if we experience an issue with the on-file payment (e.g., insufficient funds) and/or need to verify information for payment to clear; and/or (d) if an update or change in law imposes new legal requirements.

7. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
Your Use of a Gift Card certifies and represents to lululemon that the activities in which the Gift Card will be used will comply with the Terms and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations and that the Gift Card will not be used in any manner that is misleading, deceptive, unfair, or otherwise harmful to guests. In addition, you agree to defend and indemnify lululemon and its subsidiaries and affiliates from and against any claims, expenses, or liabilities made against or incurred by any of them in connection with your Use of a Gift Card or violation of the Terms. You agree to release lululemon from and against all claims and expenses you may have and liabilities you may incur in connection with your Use of the Gift Card or violation of any of the Terms.

8. NO PROMOTIONAL USE OR AFFILIATION WITH LULULEMON
Gift Cards may be used as personal or business gifts but may not be used in connection with any marketing, advertising, or other promotional activities (including, without limitation, via websites, Internet advertisements, email, telemarketing, direct mail, newspaper and magazine advertisements, and radio and television broadcasts).

It is strictly prohibited to use lululemon’s name, logo, trade dress (including any image/likeness of the Gift Cards), or other intellectual property, including, without limitation, trademark and copyright, in connection with Gift Cards in any way that states or implies that any person, website, business, product, or service is endorsed or sponsored by or otherwise affiliated with lululemon or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
LULULEMON MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING GIFT CARDS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN THE EVENT A GIFT CARD CODE IS NON-FUNCTIONAL, YOUR SOLE REMEDY AND OUR SOLE LIABILITY SHALL BE THE REPLACEMENT OF SUCH GIFT CARD. CERTAIN LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

10. DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to Gift Cards, and the Use thereof, will be resolved in accordance with Section 15 “Arbitration” in the General Terms of Use.

NOTE, THIS SECTION MAY LIMIT CERTAIN RIGHTS. PLEASE REVIEW THE LULULEMON TERMS OF USE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.

11. GENERAL
i. Governing Law

When you purchase, receive, or redeem a Gift Card, you agree that the laws of the State of Washington and the federal laws of the United States, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Gift Card Terms.

ii. Third-Party Gift Card Providers

lululemon utilizes third-party providers to issue, administer, and provide Gifts Cards to you. lululemon may terminate or modify the relationships with such providers without notice to you. No unlicensed vendor may resell a Gift Card under penalty of law; unlawful resale or attempted resale may result in seizure and cancellation without compensation.

CashStar: lululemon eGiftCards

eGift Cards purchased and delivered via email are issued by our third-party partner, CashStar.

See lululemon’s CashStar eGift Card terms and conditions for additional terms that may apply.

Trove: lululemon Like New Gift Cards

Gift Cards provided in connection with lululemon Like New are issued by our third-party partner, Trove.

iii. Corporate Program Gift Cards

Bulk Gift Card purchases for businesses can be made through the Corporate Gift Card Program. Bulk purchases for consumers are not accepted. Corporate customers requesting Gift Cards for purchases exceeding the $5,000 daily aggregate limit available Online or in-Store can purchase Gift Cards by emailing CORPORATEGIFTCARDS@LULULEMON.COM.

D. MOBILE APPS END USER TERMS
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE LULULEMON APP CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE MOBILE APPS END USER TERMS (the “EULA”), INCLUDING ANY REVISIONS BY LULULEMON FROM TIME TO TIME, AND IS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND LULULEMON GOVERNING THE USE OF THE APP. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD UNINSTALL THE APP FROM YOUR DEVICE IMMEDIATELY. To the extent there are conflicts between this EULA and the broader lululemon Terms of Use or the Terms of Sale, as applicable, this EULA will control with respect to the use of and access to the App.

1. GOVERNING TERMS FOR THE APPS
This EULA supplements and incorporates (i) the Apple, Inc. terms and conditions (located at www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#service), including, without limitation, the Licensed Application End User License Agreement provided therein (“Apple Terms”); and (ii) other lululemon policies (“lululemon Policies”), including the Terms of Use posted on the Sites. If any of the provisions of the Apple Terms or any applicable lululemon Policies conflict with this EULA, this EULA will control, solely to the extent such terms apply to the App.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this EULA is executed between you and lululemon and not between you and any other party, including Apple for iOS users . lululemon is not responsible for any applicable third-party agreement between you and any third-party, including your wireless provider.

2. LICENSE TO THE APP
Subject to this EULA, lululemon grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable license to use the App for personal and non-commercial use on your supported Device. Any use of the App in any other manner, including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification or distribution of the App or the Content contained therein is prohibited. This EULA and associated license also govern any updates to, or supplements or replacements for, the App unless separate terms accompany such updates, supplements or replacements, in which case the separate terms will apply.

3. USER INFORMATION AND THE APP
You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as required for purposes of registration (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.

4. PERSISTENT LOG-IN
You have the option to use the "persistent log-in" feature, which allows you to remain logged-in while the App is closed to avoid having to reenter your log-in information each time you open the App. If you choose to exercise this option, you understand that anyone who gains access to your mobile device will be able to access and use all of the functionality as found on the App, including the payment functions. By agreeing to use of this feature you understand and agree that you are responsible for any charges or actions on your account.

5. NO INCLUDED MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT OR WARRANTY.
lululemon may deploy changes, updates, or enhancements to the Apps at any time. You acknowledge that neither Apple (for iOS App) nor Google (for the previously available Android App) has an obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services in connection with the App.

YOUR USE OF THE MOBILE APP IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE MOBILE APP IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. SMARTSHEET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

The App is only available for supported Devices and might not work on every Device. Determining whether your Device is a supported or compatible Device for use of the App is solely your responsibility, and downloading the App is done at your own risk. lululemon does not represent or warrant that the App and your device are compatible or that the App will work on your device.

lululemon is not responsible for unauthorized use of your Device, including mobile payments made where the Device may have been lost or stolen even when you have notified lululemon about the Device being lost or stolen.

For iOS App Users: In the event lululemon failures to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will, if applicable, refund the purchase price for the App. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO (A) THE MOBILE APP, AND (B) ANY OTHER CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY.

For Android App Users: LULULEMON HAS CHOSEN TO NO LONGER SUPPORT ITS ANDROID APP AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. FURTHER, GOOGLE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

6. CARRIER CHARGES
You hereby agree and acknowledge that your use of the App may involve data charges which are your responsibility as between you and your wireless service provider.

7. PRIVACY OF YOUR INFORMATION
Some functionality of the App, including location-based services and functionality, may require the transmission of personal information provided by the you, including your name and passwords, addresses, e-mail addresses, financial information (such as credit card numbers), GPS Location (“Your Information”). If you choose to use such functionality, you consent to the collection by lululemon of Your Information and to the transmission of Your Information to lululemon and, its agents and/or service providers and authorizes lululemon, its agents and/or service providers to record, process and store Your Information as necessary for the App functionality and for purposes described in the lululemon Privacy Policy located at //www.lululemon.com/privacy.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of Your Information transmitted from or stored on a Device for purposes of the App. You agree to immediately notify lululemon of any breach of security. lululemon shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or theft of Your Information transmitted from or stored on a Device or from unauthorized or fraudulent transactions associated with the App, unless such unauthorized or fraudulent transactions arises from lululemon’s breach of its obligations under the Privacy Policy, this EULA and the lululemon Policies, its negligence or willful misconduct.

For further information concerning how we collect, use and disclose information pertaining to the App, see the lululemon Privacy Policy.

8. CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND SOLICITATION.
By downloading the App, you authorize lululemon to send you (including via push notifications) information regarding the products and services made available through the App. You can review your account notification settings and adjust your messaging preferences, including opting-in to additional messages or unsubscribing to certain messaging through your Device’s notification settings.

9. ACCEPTABLE USE, REVIEWS AND OTHER USER SUBMITTED CONTENT
Your use of the App and any Content contained therein and Your Information transmitted in connection with the App is limited to the contemplated functionality. You agree that your use of the App and any Content must comply with this EULA, including as applicable, Apple Terms and the lululemon Policies.

10. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPS
lululemon reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the App at any time, including by means of no longer supporting or maintaining an App. You understand that if your account is suspended or terminated, you may no longer have access to the App.

11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
In the event of a third-party claim that the App, or your possession and use of the App, infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, lululemon will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the App may utilize copyrighted materials, in particular open-source software, to make the App available to you. In such cases, the applicable copyright holder continues to own and determine how such software is further distributed. You may request a complete list of any applicable open-source software by contacting lululemon.

12. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY
Apple and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms. Upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

13. PRICING AND QUANTITIES
The App provides pricing for products that are carried by lululemon both in-store and online. The pricing shown to you through use of the App may only be good for purchases made online or through the App and may differ from in-store pricing.

Price and availability information is subject to change without notice. While lululemon takes great care to ensure our information is accurate, mistakes may occur. When a mistake is noticed, lululemon will correct it as soon as possible and notify customers who are affected. Where necessary, an order may be cancelled prior to shipping the product. lululemon reserves the right to limit quantities. Not all products shown in the App are available in-store, as some products can only be found online.

lululemon will not have the obligation to accept or fulfil purchases via the Android App after July 5, 2023, if you have questions regarding purchases made through the Android App, please contact our Guest Education Center.

E. LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP TERMS
Where lululemon Membership Program Terms and Conditions (“Membership Program Terms”) are subject to and made a part of the broader lululemon Terms of Use and Terms of Sale, as applicable, and apply to your access to and participation in the lululemon Membership Program (the “Membership Program”). You agree and acknowledge that lululemon may process your personal information in connection with your participation in the Membership Program in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

The Membership Program is operated by lululemon. Except as described herein, these Membership Program Terms do not alter in any way the broader Terms of Use, or terms or conditions of any other agreement you (“Member,” “you,” or “your”) may have with lululemon for other products and services. To the extent there are conflicts between these Membership Program Terms and the broader lululemon Terms of Use or the Terms of Sale, as applicable, these Membership Program Terms will control with respect to the Membership Program.

1. OVERVIEW OF MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM
The Membership Program consists of two levels (the “Membership Levels”): (1) a free-to-join level (the “lululemon Essential Level”) available to all eligible guests with a lululemon account (you can sign up online or in-store); and (2) a subscription-related level (the “lululemon Studio All-Access Level”) available to eligible guests who (i) have a lululemon account (you can sign up online through the lululemon website or lululemon app, or in-store), (ii) are the primary account owner of an active subscription with lululemon Studio All-Access (“lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription”), and (iii) own the lululemon Studio Mirror hardware. Note that the lululemon Studio All Access Level relates to benefits described as part of this lululemon Membership Program and is distinct from the general lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription, which is a subscription to use the services associated with lululemon Studio Mirror hardware. Each of the Membership Levels offers benefits specific to Members meeting the eligibility conditions applicable to the relevant Membership Level.

2. CHANGES; MODIFICATIONS
lululemon may change, modify, limit, and/or eliminate the Membership Program and/or all or any portion of these Membership Program Terms or any policy pertaining to the Membership Program from time to time and at its discretion, including the following: (a) the benefits offered to each Membership Level under the Membership Program; (b) the requirements for membership within each Membership Level; (c) the number of Membership Levels available; (d) the manner in which benefits are earned and redeemed; (e) the eligibility criteria; and (f) any dates, timelines or time periods relevant to these Membership Program Terms. Should we make such an amendment, we will post the changes to the Membership Program Terms as required by applicable law and will indicate the date the Program was last revised.

Should we make such an amendment, we will post the changes to the Membership Program Terms as required by applicable law and will indicate the date the Program was last revised.

In addition, where required by law or at our discretion, we will provide notice of such amendment to Members using email and/or your mailing address, or any other contact information we have for you in our discretion. Where required by law, this notice will be provided at least thirty (30) days before the amendment comes into effect and will set out, where required by law, the new clause, or the modified clause and how it read formerly, and the date on which the amendment will come into effect. You may refuse the amendment and rescind, or cancel your participation in the Membership Program without cost, penalty or cancellation indemnity, by sending us notice to that effect no later than thirty (30) days after the amendment comes into force, using the information in the notice and by opting out of the Membership Program by following the instructions at Section 4. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, your continued participation in the Membership Program after the date specified in such notice constitutes your full acceptance of, and agreement to be legally bound by, the terms the Membership Program, as revised.

Certain benefits may be available only in-store, on the lululemon website, via the lululemon app, or on third-party platforms, as noted in Sections 5 and 6 below. lululemon may, at its discretion, modify these benefits to make them available through additional channels, but it is under no obligation to do so and may choose not to expand the benefit beyond the initial availability.

3. ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to participate in the Membership Program, you must (a) be a current resident of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, or Canada; (b) be a natural person at least 18 years of age (or the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, whichever is older); and (c) have a lululemon account (you can sign up online or in-store).

To be eligible to participate at the lululemon Studio All-Access Level, in addition to satisfying the eligibility requirements (a) to (c) above, you must also (d) be the primary account owner of an active lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription; (e) use the same email address for your lululemon account and your lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription; (f) own the lululemon Studio Mirror hardware; and (g) the active lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription is a paying subscription Eligibility for the lululemon Studio All-Access Level requires acceptance and compliance with the lululemon Studio Subscription Terms of Service and may be limited in some jurisdictions where lululemon Studio Mirror hardware and the lululemon Studio Subscription are not available. See the lululemon Studio Terms of Service for the U.S. and Canada (as applicable) and the Mirror Delivery & Installation Support Page for further details.

Membership benefits are only available while you are in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, or Canada. You may only have one Membership Program account. The Membership Program is intended for personal use only; commercial entities are not eligible to participate. Unless otherwise allowed by us, your Membership Program account and associated benefits may not be assigned, transferred, or shared with family or friends, and your account and associated benefits are not intended for purchasing items for resale. Employees of lululemon and its affiliates are eligible to join the Membership Program, but some benefits may not be available--see the description of benefits in Sections 5 and 6 below for further details.

4. JOINING THE MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM; OPT-OUT
You can create your lululemon account and join the Membership Program on the lululemon website or in-store by providing the requested information and agreeing to these Membership Program Terms. If you already have an online account, you will be prompted at your next login to agree to these Membership Program Terms. If you have an account in-store, you can join the Membership Program by providing requested information and agreeing to these Membership Program Terms during a store visit.

To enroll in the lululemon Studio All-Access Level of the Membership Program after you have satisfied the eligibility requirements outlined in Section 3 above, (1) sign up for a lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription; and (2) follow the above steps to confirm enrollment in the Membership Program using the same email address associated with your lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription. If you are already the primary account owner of a lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription, you will only need to confirm enrollment in the Membership Program by following the above steps using the same email address associated with your lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription. You may also enroll in the Membership Program at the lululemon Essential Level first and then upgrade your Membership to the lululemon Studio All Access Level later by becoming a primary account owner of a lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription. Please allow 1-2 days for the system to update to your new Membership Level; if you encounter difficulties, please contact us via the GUEST EDUCATION CENTER. Members must maintain an active lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription as the primary account owner to retain lululemon Studio All-Access Level benefits. Membership will revert to the lululemon Essential Level if your status as the active owner of the lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription or the lululemon Studio Subscription is paused, canceled, or transferred. If you transfer your status as the primary account owner of a lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription to another user (if permitted under the lululemon Studio All-Access Subscription Terms of Service), you will no longer be eligible for lululemon Studio All Access Level benefits, and the transferee will need to join the Membership Program to enjoy the benefits.

All Members who are not enrolled in the lululemon Studio All-Access Level will be enrolled at the lululemon Essential Level.

A current, valid email address is required for you to be able to participate in and receive benefits in connection with the Membership Program. To notify lululemon of a change of email address, update your account information online on the lululemon website.

You may opt out of the Membership Program at any time by canceling your lululemon account. To cancel your account, submit a deletion request via our PRIVACY PORTAL. If you cancel your account or if your participation in the Membership Program is otherwise terminated, you will not be able to use the benefits of the Membership Program, including in relation to purchases made while a Member of the Membership Program, and all such benefits will become void.

5. MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM BENEFITS - LULULEMON ESSENTIAL LEVEL
Members enrolled at the Essential Level are eligible for the following benefits, each of which are subject to exceptions as noted:

• Exchange or Credit on Sale Items

Members may return on sale items, under certain conditions, in exchange for a gift card for the balance of the purchase price. “On sale items” include items discounted in-store or online and “We Made Too Much” items, but subject to the exceptions noted below:

Items purchased with an employee discount, as a part of a special promotion, as part of a one-time promotion, or at outlets or online warehouse sales are not eligible for returns.

Items in categories not eligible for returns under the GENERAL RETURN POLICIES, such as facemasks and gift cards, may not be returned as part of this benefit. For clarity, items that are not eligible for returns under the general return policies solely because they are on sale items are eligible for returns under this benefit.

Members may only return on sale items purchased in association with their own account and items with a gift receipt.

Items purchased or received prior to Member’s enrollment into the Membership Program are not eligible for this benefit, and any returns in connection with this benefit must be made while still a Member.

At its discretion, lululemon may exclude additional items or discounts from this benefit at any time.

Members may return on sale items in-store only. If a Member returns a combination of on sale and regular-priced items, the Member can choose to receive a gift card for the balance of the entire purchase or receive a refund to the original method of payment for the regular-priced items and a gift card for the balance of the on sale items.

Returns of any kind may not be made to outlet stores.

Unless otherwise stated in these Membership Program Terms, the provisions of the GENERAL RETURN POLICIES, such as return period, condition of returned items, etc., apply.

This benefit is not available to employees of lululemon or its affiliates using an employee discount.

• Receipt-Free Returns

Subject to the GENERAL RETURN POLICIES, Members may return items purchased online or in-store without a receipt so long as the purchase was linked to their account at the time of sale. Items purchased in-store may only be returned receipt-free in-store; items purchased online may be returned receipt-free online or in-store. Items purchased before Member’s enrollment into the Membership Program are not eligible for this benefit.

• Free Hemming

Members may have their purchases hemmed by our hemmers, including purchases made before enrolling in the Membership Program. See our HEMMING SERVICE PAGE for further details on our hemming services offer.

This benefit is only available in-store, but both online and in-store purchases are eligible.

• Early Access to Product Drops

Members will be given the ability to view and purchase select early access items before they are generally available in stores or to customers not part of the Membership Program.

Early Access to Product Drops is initially limited to users of the lululemon app. Purchases made in connection with this benefit may not be eligible for discounts, including an employee discount.

This benefit is not available to employees of lululemon or its affiliates using an employee discount.

• Community Events

Members may be able to register for specific periodic community events, which may be offered by lululemon, or third parties, from time to time, at the discretion of lululemon. See the LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP PAGE for further details. Separate events may have separate requirements or terms, which will be disclosed with such event. This benefit may require Members to register on a third-party platform and agree to any terms and conditions for the use of that platform. Event schedules are subject to change and cancellation.

• Select Classes on App

Members will have access to select pre-recorded classes (initially limited to users of the lululemon app). Included classes and scheduled releases of new uploads are subject to change by lululemon at its discretion. See the LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP PAGE for further details.

6. MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM BENEFITS – LULULEMON STUDIO ALL-ACCESS LEVEL
Members enrolled at the lululemon Studio All-Access Level are eligible for all the benefits at the Essential Level plus the following benefits, each of which is subject to exceptions as noted:

• 10% Off Your Gear

Members at the lululemon Studio All-Access Level are entitled to a 10% discount on purchases made online, in-store, and via the lululemon app, subject to the exclusions and limitations set forth below in this section. When purchasing online or via the lululemon app, the Member can apply this Member benefit by signing in online with the Member’s account, placing items in the shopping cart, and clicking the relevant discount toggle when completing the purchase. For in-store purchases, the discount will be applied after the Member supplies the appropriate Membership account information (e.g., the Member’s e-mail address and showing government-issued proof of identity) at the point-of-sale or to a lululemon educator to connect the purchase with the Member’s account. Member would not be eligible for the 10% discount (a) when online, if the Member did not ensure that the discount toggle is on, and (b) when in-store, if the Member does not supply information at the point-of-sale or to a lululemon educator to connect the purchase with the Member’s account.

The 10% Off Your Gear discount is available for regular-priced items, and on sale items. For on sale items, the discount related to this benefit is calculated based on the on sale price (not the original undiscounted price). The 10% Off Your Gear discount is for purchases intended for lululemon Studio All-Access Level Members’ personal use only and may not be combined with any other offers or discounts, other than on sale items. The 10% Off Your Gear discount is not applicable for the lululemon Studio Subscription or other services, lululemon Studio Mirror hardware or accessories, lululemon or lululemon Studio gift cards, or e-gift cards. Items purchased using the 10% Off Your Gear discount may not be resold. We may limit the amount of spending subject to this discount or applicability to specified items at any time. See the LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP PAGE for current limitations and further details.

This benefit is not available to employees of lululemon or its affiliates.

• Experiential Store Classes

lululemon Studio All-Access Level Members will have access to participation in lululemon’s Experiential Store Classes, subject to availability. Locations of Experiential Stores are subject to change. This benefit will require Members to register on a third-party platform and agree to any terms and conditions for the use of that platform. Members may be charged a fee for late cancellation. See the LULULEMON MEMBERSHIP PAGE for further details.

Initially, this benefit can only be accessed via the lululemon website and by users of the lululemon app. This benefit is not available to employees of lululemon or its affiliates.

• Early Access to Events

lululemon Studio All-Access Level Members may (at lululemon’s sole discretion) enjoy early access to events.

This benefit is not available to employees of lululemon or its affiliates.

7. MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM COMMUNICATIONS
Unless you have opted out of receiving marketing communications, we may (at our option) communicate with you about marketing via mail, email, push notifications on the lululemon app, and other channels, including special Member promotions, offers, and more. We may also use these channels to notify you when you are eligible for a benefit, communicate Membership Program changes, and more. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional communications, we may continue to send you transactional emails (e.g., notice emails and non-marketing or non-promotional emails), such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.

8. MISCELLANEOUS
Without notice to you, other than as required by applicable law, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your participation in the Membership Program if we determine at our discretion that you have violated these Membership Program Terms or that the use of your account or your participation in the Membership Program is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent, unfair, or unlawful. For certainty, participation in the Membership Program in any manner that is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent, unfair, or unlawful is prohibited, and a breach of these Membership Program Terms. We may, at our discretion, suspend, cancel, or combine accounts that appear to be duplicative. Your participation in the Membership Program is voluntary, and you may withdraw at any time. The use of the word “include,” “includes,” or “including” is illustrative and not limiting.

You are responsible and liable for any applicable federal, state/provincial/territorial, and local income, sales, use, or other taxes which may result from your participation in the Membership Program.

The Membership Program Terms constitute the entire agreement between the Member and lululemon regarding the Membership Program and supersede any prior written or oral terms related thereto.

F. FUEL SPACE LOYALTY TERMS
Where lululemon experiential stores are available, these Fuel Space Loyalty Terms (“FS Terms”) apply to your participation in the Fuel Space Loyalty Program (the “Program”), which is operated by lululemon or, as applicable, our affiliates. By signing up and participating in the Program you agree to be bound by these FS Terms. These FS Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with lululemon or its affiliates and are incorporated into and make up a part of the lululemon Terms of Use.

lululemon may, in its sole discretion, modify the FS Terms at any time. Any updated version will become effective when posted. By continuing to participate in the Program after the FS Terms have changed, you are agreeing to the revised FS Terms. If any of the FS Terms are deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, only that unenforceable clause will be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of remaining FS Terms.

1. ELIGIBILITY; REGISTRATION
The Program is intended for individuals, eighteen (18) years of age or older that frequent the Fuel Space counter in our experiential retail stores. There is no fee to sign up for the Program, but as detailed below purchases are required to earn points and rewards. The Program is not available Online or to be used in connection with lululemon’s retail stores.

When completing a purchase in Fuel Space, via our third-party provider software, Square, you will have the option to enroll and participate in the Program. You may be asked to provide your first and last name, phone number, and email address. In addition, if you’d like to receive a birthday reward, you may also choose to provide you birthday month and day. Please note, if you choose to not provide a birthday as part of registration, you will not be eligible for a birthday offer.

2. EARNING POINTS
You will earn one (1) point for every dollar ($1.00) spent at Fuel Space, excluding tax and tips. Additional points may be available during special promotion periods or offerings.

3. REDEEMING POINTS AND REWARDS
Earned points can be redeemed only at Fuel Space locations for select food and beverage items or if applicable a discount on future purchase.

Birthday rewards will be communicated to you prior to your birthday (as listed at registration) and can be redeemed on your birthday at Fuel Space locations for the items listed in the communication or equivalent number of points. If the Fuel Space location is unable to provide the listed item, the reward can be substituted or an alternative food or beverage item of equal value.

Points and rewards cannot be redeemed for cash (unless otherwise required by law).

4. TERMINATION OF THE PROGRAM
lululemon reserves the right to change, modify, discontinue, or cancel the Program at any time in its discretion.

5. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
By participating in the Program, you agree to receiving marketing communications from lululemon about Fuel Space and available promotional offerings.

6. PRIVACY
lululemon's Privacy Policy, incorporated herein by reference, describes how your personal information is collected, used, shared or otherwise processed by lululemon.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
LULULEMON MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING GIFT CARDS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN THE EVENT A GIFT CARD CODE IS NON-FUNCTIONAL, YOUR SOLE REMEDY AND OUR SOLE LIABILITY SHALL BE THE REPLACEMENT OF SUCH GIFT CARD. CERTAIN LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

8. DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to the Program, and the participation therein, will be resolved in accordance with Section 15 “Arbitration” in the lululemon Terms of Use.

Except where prohibited by applicable law, and without limitation to any statutory rights for consumers, you agree that all disputes, claims, and legal proceedings that directly or indirectly arise out of or relate to the Program shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the state and federal courts of Delaware and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

NOTE, THIS SECTION MAY LIMIT CERTAIN RIGHTS, PLEASE REVIEW THE LULULEMON TERMS OF USE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.

9. THIRD PARTY PROVIDER.
lululemon utilizes a third-party provider, Square, to process payments and manage the Program. Additional Square terms and conditions may apply based on your use of their services, see their terms for additional information, available at HTTPS://SQUAREUP.COM/US/EN/LEGAL/GENERAL/UA.

QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any concerns about material which appears on this Website, please contact us by emailing us at: TERMSOFUSE@LULULEMON.COM or by writing to us at:

lululemon 1818 Cornwall Ave Vancouver, BC V6J 1C7 Canada