Terms and Conditions for McDonald’s Online Services (USA)
 

Effective: September 5, 2024

Important: Please carefully read and understand these terms and conditions (“terms”). They contain an arbitration agreement, jury and class action waivers, limitations on McDonald’s liability and other provisions that affect your legal rights.

By installing, accessing or using any websites, mobile apps, email newsletters and subscriptions, and other digital properties on which these terms are posted or referenced (together, “online services”), you are entering into a binding agreement with McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”, “we” or “us”), which controls and operates the online services from its headquarters at 110 North Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607.

In addition to terms that apply generally to the online services, these terms contain sections applicable to the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program, McDonald’s Text Messaging program, and the McDonald’s Delivery program that apply only with regard to your participation in those programs. The terms for these programs may vary from the terms applicable to the online services generally.

Please also review McDonald’s Privacy Statement, which describes how we collect, use, and share information. By accepting these terms, you also understand and agree these terms will govern any disputes arising out of or related to McDonald’s Privacy Statement.

By accepting these terms, you understand and agree that, as stated in Section 9, you are waiving your right to resolve any dispute through other processes that could be available to you, such as court actions or administrative proceedings. It also means that you are waiving your rights to a trial by jury or to combine your dispute with others in a class action.

The online services are not intended to be used by, or targeted to, anyone under the age of 18 years old. You must be at least 18 years old to use the online services.

If you do not agree to these terms, then you must immediately stop using the online services and request that McDonald’s close any online services account that you have created. You can request account deletion by visiting the Privacy Rights Center and making a deletion request or by contacting us at (866) 970-0106.

1. About the online services.
Availability of products and services. 
McDonald's products and services are available in many parts of the world. However, the online services may describe products and services that are not available worldwide.

Obey the rules of the road. 
Whenever you use the online services, you must obey the rules of the road and all applicable rules and regulations. You must not use the online services while driving or while behind the wheel or controls of a vehicle that is moving or not in “park”. In the interest of safety at all times, you should only use the online services when it is lawful and safe to do so.

You are responsible for your devices and accounts. 
You are responsible for any devices, software and services needed to use the online services. McDonald’s does not guarantee that the online services will fully function on any particular device or with any particular software. You are also responsible for any messaging and data charges, fees, and taxes for your use of the online services, including when we communicate with you by text, email, or other means that you choose. You may only use the online services with devices that you own or control and using only the authorized operating system (e.g., Apple iPhone OS for Apple devices). If you create an online services account, you are responsible for keeping the account secure and for all activity under the account. You can only use one online services account and must keep your account information accurate at all times. An email may be required to create an online services account. You are not permitted to register multiple accounts under multiple email addresses.

McDonald’s right to update or terminate the online services. 
You understand and consent that (with or without notice) McDonald’s may update, modify, or terminate the online services (or your access to them) from time to time, including by pushing updates to (or removing functionality or access from) any McDonald’s mobile app that you have installed on your device. If you are not satisfied with the online services following such changes, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of those online services.

Updates to these terms. 
McDonald's may also update these terms at any time and at its sole discretion. If McDonald’s makes material changes to the terms, we will notify you by reasonable means. In addition, McDonald’s will post the new terms in the online service.  Please review these terms from time to time to view any changes. If you do not agree to the changed terms, then you must immediately stop using the online services and request that McDonald’s close any online services account that you have created. To close your account, you can visit ‘your profile’ and select ‘delete account’.

Independent businesses own and operate many restaurants.
While McDonald’s operates and controls the online services, it is not responsible for the operation of most restaurants. Most restaurants are instead owned and operated by independent franchisees of McDonald’s and some are operated by McDonald’s subsidiaries (such franchisees and subsidiaries are together, “restaurants”). Each restaurant is solely and independently responsible for its legal and regulatory compliance, for any issues relating to the supply of the products to you, and for any employment related matters in the restaurant.

Links to job opportunities from the online services. 
McDonald's and all restaurants are equal opportunity employers committed to diverse workforces. The online services may provide links to job opportunities posted by McDonald’s or restaurants. These opportunities are with the restaurant alone and not with McDonald’s or its parent company (McDonald’s Corporation). This means that the restaurant that posted the opportunity is alone responsible for setting the job requirements, all hiring decisions, and all other employment related matters in its business. Neither McDonald’s nor its parent company receives a copy of any application you submit to a restaurant that is a franchisee, neither controls whether you receive an interview or are hired, and neither controls franchisees’ employment policies and practices. Neither McDonald’s nor its parent company employs independent franchisees. If you are hired by a restaurant that is a franchisee, only that franchisee, and not McDonald’s or its parent company (McDonald’s Corporation), will be your employer.

How to contact us.
If you have any questions or comments regarding the online services, please visit the Contact Us section in the online services or you can always visit the Contact Us page.

2. Our information practices and communications with you.
How we communicate with you.
Through the online services, you may opt in to receive emails, text messages to the mobile number you provide to us or push notifications from McDonald’s. When you opt into any of these types of communications, you understand and consent that that you will receive marketing, transactional and other messages from McDonald’s. McDonald’s may use the information you have provided to us to communicate with you in accordance with McDonald’s Privacy Statement and California Privacy Notice.

Opting out of communications generally. 
You have a choice in how we communicate with you. You can generally find your communication preferences with instructions on how to opt out of various communications in the profile section of the online service that you use. You may also have the ability to change certain communication preferences, such as mobile app notifications, using your device settings. In addition, our communications themselves may include the opportunity to opt out, such as by selecting the “unsubscribe” link in emails, or following the opt-out procedures for text messages described in the McDonald’s Text Messaging Program Terms & Conditions. You understand and agree that you may need to separately manage your communication preferences for each communication method. For example, if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, you may still receive marketing text messages if you’ve opted in to receiving them. While we do our best to offer convenient methods for you to manage your communications preferences, you may need to separately adjust your preferences for each online service. Please note that for some account-related and transactional communications, the only way to stop receiving these communications may be to close your online services account. Lastly, please note that if you are receiving communications from a McDonald’s franchisee, then you will need to opt out from them directly.

Additional information on text messages. 
When you opt in to any of our text message programs, you understand that such text message programs are separately governed by McDonald’s Text Messaging Program Terms & Conditions. You understand and consent that you will receive text messages from an automated system. You further understand that your consent is not required to make any purchase. If you wish to withdraw your consent and unsubscribe, please text STOP to the appropriate short code or contact us. For more information, please visit  McDonald’s Text Messaging Program Terms & Conditions.

3. Placing orders for restaurant pick-ups and Mobile Order & Pay (MOP).
This section applies to orders you place using the online services, including in certain geographic areas where you can order ahead via the McDonald’s mobile app so the restaurant can start your order ahead of your arrival (excluding delivery). This program is known as “MOP” or the “MOP Program.” Please read this section before you send any orders to restaurants using the online services and/or MOP. Please note that ordering may not be available in all online services. If you are within the geographical areas where MOP is available, the MOP option may be displayed to you. Please refer to the Mobile Order & Pay FAQs for more information on ordering and MOP.

About ordering. 
The purpose of ordering (including MOP) is to provide customers with a convenient way of building orders for products in advance and submitting their orders to a participating restaurant. You must register an online services account in order to use ordering (including MOP). Before you submit an order, you must register a credit card or debit card (either one, a “payment card”) or another payment method that McDonald’s supports to use with your orders. Not all restaurants may choose to make their products available via ordering. Please note MOP may not be available in all geographic areas or through all online services that McDonald’s provides. You may need to enable location services on your device in order for ordering to function properly.

Registering your payment method. 
McDonald’s and the restaurants use third party payment services providers to securely store your payment card information and process your payments to restaurants. You understand and agree that, when you register a payment card, McDonald’s or its third party payment services providers may verify that the payment card you registered is valid, including by authorizing a low-value, temporary charge.   You are able to update your saved payment method information if there are changes to that information (e.g., as a result of a re-issued card with new account numbers and expiration date).  Alternatively, McDonald’s and its third party payment services providers may obtain updated payment method information from your bank or financial services institution provided you have authorized your bank or financial services institution to provide this updated information. You also understand and agree that when you use ordering to make a purchase from a restaurant, that restaurant will be the merchant of record. Restaurants may require information other than your order code to verify your purchase. You represent and warrant that you are of sufficient age and have all legal rights to use all payment methods you register.

You purchase products directly from restaurants. 
When you use ordering (including MOP), you submit orders directly to a participating restaurant and the contract for supplying the products will be between you and the restaurant that accepts your order. The restaurant where you collect your products is responsible for preparing the products and providing them to you. You further understand and agree that you are purchasing directly from restaurants (and not McDonald’s or any other Members of the McDonald’s System, as defined below) and that neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising out of or related to any products that you purchase from restaurants using ordering. McDonald’s Corporation (which is McDonald’s parent company), its subsidiaries, affiliates, their franchisees, agents, representatives, and agencies and their officers, directors, and employees are together, “Members of the McDonald’s System”.

About the products in the online services. 
All products are subject to availability at the restaurant where you collect your order. Some restaurants do not sell all products. Images of products and packaging on the online services are examples only and may not be identical to the product or packaging you receive from a restaurant. Differences may be due to your device’s display of colors or factors such as the ingredients used, the supplier, the region of the country, and the season of the year.

About the prices in ordering. 
Each restaurant independently determines its own prices and independently applies any additional taxes and fees as required by law. Certain offers and pricing may not be available for all orders at all locations. In the event you discover an error in the price of a product charged to you, please contact the restaurant where you purchased the product to seek a refund of the difference.

Building, confirming and sending your order to a restaurant. 
You can use ordering to build your order and send it to a participating restaurant that you select. Payment is charged when you select ‘Pay & Place Order’. Orders made must be collected in person from the restaurant.

Paying for your order. 
When you select ‘Pay & Place Order’ you authorize the restaurant to process your order total. The restaurant’s payment service provider will process your order total amount to the payment method you selected when you built your order. Orders must be collected in person from the restaurant you selected when placing your order. You own the products after you have collected them.

Cancelling your order, refunds and your consumer rights. 
You have the ability to update or abandon your order at any time prior to selecting ‘Pay & Place Order’. If you desire to seek a refund for any reason after you select ’Pay & Place Order’, including if the products are unsatisfactory or other reasons, please contact the restaurant where you purchased the product. The decision regarding how to resolve any refund request is in the discretion of the restaurant where you purchased the product (excluding delivery). Your legal rights in this respect are not affected by anything in these terms.

Complaints.
If you have a complaint about your experience with a McDonald’s restaurant or product, please contact the restaurant in question. Alternatively, you may contact McDonald’s Customer Care. McDonald’s cannot possibly read or respond to every single comment made in other channels, such as social media. Please immediately contact McDonald’s Customer Care with any concerns or reports of a serious nature.

4. Deals.
You have the possibility of receiving deals through the online services. The following general terms apply to the deals:

the deal may only be available through that particular online service and for the product shown and subject to availability, in participating restaurants only, and until the expiration date;
serving times apply (e.g., certain non-breakfast deals may not be available at breakfast serving times);
unless otherwise stated each deal expires on redemption;
only one deal can be used per restaurant visit;
deals are not transferable; and
there is no cash alternative. In addition, there may be specific terms that apply to the deal which are stated on the app next to the deal. Not all deals may be combined with orders. By opting out of MyMcDonald’s Rewards & Deals, you will no longer have access to deals in the program.
5. Ownership and Licenses for the online services.
McDonald’s intellectual property ownership. 
Any and all rights in the online services are and shall remain the exclusive property of McDonald’s or its licensors. For purposes of clarity, “online services” includes any and all content on the online services, such as, but not limited to, text, images, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, software, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, audio, video, data and other materials (together, “content”) as well as any part of the online services  any features and functionality provided by third parties, and in which those third parties own certain intellectual property rights.  Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising from or related to any such third-party features or functionality. The online services are licensed, not sold, to you. Nothing in these terms intends to transfer any such rights to, or to vest any such rights in, you. You may not take any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere with McDonald’s or its licensors’ rights.

Your license to use the online services. 
Subject to these terms, you are granted a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to use the online services solely for your own personal, non-commercial purposes and solely in accordance with these terms. For purposes of clarity, “Use” includes a license to access, interact with, and display the online services. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licenses and rights these terms expressly grant to you, McDonald’s or its licensors reserve all other rights.

Trademark information. 
Trademarks, service marks, and all graphical elements, including the look and feel appearing on the online services, are distinctive and protected trademarks or trade dress of McDonald’s or its licensors. The online services may also contain various third-party names, trademarks, and service marks that are the property of their respective owners.

6. User submissions and unsolicited ideas.
User submissions. 
Some online services may allow you to send comments, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, photographs, questions, complaints or other information posted or communicated to McDonald’s through the online services (together, “submissions”). You understand that by submitting any submissions to McDonald’s through the online services, you grant McDonald's a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, sublicense to others, modify, translate, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, and publicly perform the submissions, including to use them for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever without approval from or compensation, notice or attribution to you or any other person. McDonald’s will not be required to treat any submissions as confidential.   You expressly waive any and all claims against McDonald’s and all other Members of the McDonald’s System in connection with McDonald’s consideration, use or development of any product, design, concept or other materials similar or identical to your submission.

7. Copyright notice.
McDonald’s will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). If you believe that your copyrighted work is infringed by content appearing on the online services, please provide a written DMCA notice to McDonald’s at:

McDonald’s USA, LLC
110 North Carpenter Street
Chicago, Illinois 60607,
Attn: DMCA copyright administrator, by fax to (630) 623-3000 or by email to dmca@us.mcd.com.

What to include in your infringement notice. 
Please include the following information in your notice to us, along with your full name, address, telephone number and email address:

A detailed description of the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed.
A detailed description of the content on the online services that you believe infringes the copyrighted work, including information reasonably sufficient to permit McDonald’s to locate the alleged infringing content (e.g., the page on the online services where the alleged infringing content is located).
The following statement, signed by the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed: “I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”
8. Acceptable uses and restrictions for the online services.
Acceptable uses and other restrictions. 
With respect to the online services (which includes content) or any portion thereof, you may not, and may not allow third parties, to:

Use the online services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms;
Delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices;
Claim or attempt to obtain ownership or title to the online services, including the content;
Use, copy, distribute, republish, display, disclose, upload, post, or transmit the online services in any commercial manner;
Rent, lease, sell, sub-license, loan, translate, merge, adapt, assign or transfer the online services or your online services account, or combine them with, or incorporate them into, any other programs or services;
Disassemble, decompile, reverse-engineer, copy in source or object code format, or create derivative works based on the online services;
Transfer, provide, export or re-export the online services in violation of an embargo, trade sanction, or other technology control or export laws and regulations; you also represent and warrant that you are not (i) located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; or (ii) listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
Use or launch any unauthorized technology or automated system to access the online services or extract content from the online services, including but not limited to spiders, robots, screen scrapers, or offline readers;
Attempt to disable, damage, overburden, impair or gain unauthorized access to the online services, McDonald’s network or any user accounts associated with the online services;
Any fraudulent use of an online services account or MyMcDonald’s Rewards points;
Share, publish, or otherwise use direct hyperlinks to pages, images, or other resources within the online services other than a link to the online services homepage; or
Incorporate any pages or functionality within the online services into other services or applications using framing or analogous techniques.
9. Limitations on liability and disclaimers.
Limitations on McDonald’s liability.
Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System shall be liable for any direct or indirect lost profits or lost business damage, special, indirect, consequential, exemplary or incidental damages, including lost data, personal injury or property damage related to or arising out of the online services or out of the acts or omissions of Members of the McDonald’s System whether arising out of contract, tort or ordinary negligence. Nothing in this section is intended to limit McDonald’s liability for damages to the extent caused by McDonald’s own gross negligence or intentional or unlawful misconduct. Additionally, nothing in this section is intended to limit or alter your rights as a consumer that cannot be limited or altered under applicable law. McDonald’s reserves all legal rights to recover damages or other compensation under these terms or as allowed by law.

McDonald’s provides the online services “AS-IS” and without any warranties. 
The online services may include inaccuracies or errors. McDonald’s provides the online services “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. McDonald’s disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness or a particular purpose. McDonald’s does not warrant or make any representation that the online services will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the online services are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume total responsibility related to your use of the online services. Your sole remedy against McDonald’s and all other Members of the McDonald’s System for dissatisfaction with the online services is to stop using them. This limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties. These warranty exclusions may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law does not allow the exclusion of implied warranties.

Third party services. 
The online services may link to or allow you to use third-party websites, downloadable materials, content, social networks, or other digital services (together, “third party services”). These third parties may have their separate terms and conditions or privacy policies that you should review and understand before using them. McDonald’s does not endorse and is not associated with any of these third-party services. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising from or related to these third-party services.

The online services contain Google Maps features and content that are subject to the Google’s terms of service and Google’s privacy policy.

We may permit you to login to the online services using an account from a third party service such as Apple ID, Google+ or other social networking platforms in place of creating a new account specifically for the Online Services. McDonald’s has no control over, makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about any of the third party services that you may access, is not responsible for the availability of such third party services, and does not endorse nor is responsible or liable for any content or other materials on or available from such third party services. Your use of the third-party services may be subject to additional terms, including software license terms, from those third parties.

Events beyond our control.
Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility for McDonald’s failure to perform any of its obligations under these terms cause by or related to any event beyond McDonald’s reasonable control. If such an event occurs, then McDonald’s obligations under these terms will be suspended for the duration of the event; and McDonald’s may, but is not required to, use reasonable endeavors to find a solution by which its obligations under these terms may be performed despite the event.

How we settle disputes. 
You agree that:

any claim or dispute (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) that McDonald’s or any Member of the McDonald’s System may have with you, or that you may have with McDonald’s or any Member of the McDonald’s System, arising from or related to the online services or these terms will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and conducted before a single arbitrator using the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and, if applicable, its Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules (“rules and procedures”); 
this arbitration agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16;
prior to you or McDonald’s initiating arbitration by filing a Demand for Arbitration with the AAA, you and McDonald’s will engage in the informal dispute resolution process outlined in this paragraph. First, the party interested in pursuing a dispute related to the online services must give written notice to the other party of the party’s intent to initiate an informal dispute resolution conference (the “Notice”). The Notice shall contain: (1) the initiating party’s name; (2) the initiating party’s mailing address, email address, and phone number; (3) a description of the nature of and basis for the dispute; and (4) the specific relief sought. If you are the initiating party, the Notice must be sent via e-mail to McDonaldsInformalDisputeResolution@us.mcd.com. Second, within 60 days of the non-initiating party’s receipt of the Notice, or at a later date if you and McDonald’s mutually agree to enlarge the 60-day period, the parties shall make a good-faith attempt to resolve their dispute by participating in a live telephone call or videoconference.  If you are represented by counsel, your attorney(s) may participate in the dispute resolution conference, but you must be present and must participate in the conference as well.  Engaging in this informal dispute resolution process is a prerequisite to commencing arbitration.  Any applicable statute of limitations period and all arbitration filing fee deadlines shall be tolled from the date that a fully complete Notice is received by the other party to and including the date the dispute resolution conference is held;
if, during the informal dispute resolution process described in subpart 3 above, McDonald’s makes a written offer to resolve the parties’ dispute pursuant to which McDonald’s will provide all the relief sought in your Notice, including paying you the full amount of your alleged damages set forth therein, you understand that an Arbitrator will have the right to award arbitration fees against you should the Arbitrator decide that you were unreasonable in continuing to pursue the matter despite McDonald’s offer;
if, following the informal dispute resolution process described in subpart 3 above, either you or McDonald’s decides to file a Demand for Arbitration with the AAA, the demand must include: (1) the name and contact information of the party initiating arbitration; (2) the legal claims being asserted; (3) a detailed explanation of the factual basis for those claims; and (4) a detailed explanation of both the nature and the amount of the relief sought.  Filing a demand that does not include the above information may result in the rejection of your Demand for Arbitration;
the arbitration shall be held at a location determined by the AAA under its rules and procedures (provided such location is reasonably convenient to you), or at such other location as may be mutually agreed to by you and McDonald’s or other Members of the McDonald’s System; 
the arbitrator’s decision shall be based on these terms and any of the other agreements referenced herein that you may have entered into in connection with the online services;
the arbitrator shall apply Illinois law consistent with the FAA, and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law;
no claims shall be arbitrated on a class or representative basis as you and McDonald’s hereby waive the right to assert claims in any class or representative action; arbitration will therefore only decide the individual claims of you and McDonald’s; it is agreed that the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of any other person or party to an arbitration between you and McDonald’s under this provision;
you and McDonald's empower the arbitrator with the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability or enforceability of these terms or formation of this contract, including the arbitrability of any dispute and any claim that all or any part of these terms are void or voidable;
in the event that the administrative fees, arbitrator fees and filing fees associated with the arbitration exceed $225 USD, McDonald’s agrees to pay any such administrative, arbitrator and filing fees exceeding $225 on your behalf, subject to ultimate allocation by the arbitrator. If you can demonstrate that the cost of initiating your claims in a court of law would be less than $225, McDonald’s will pay the portion of the administrative, arbitrator and filing fees that exceed the demonstrated cost of initiating your claims in court.  In addition, if you can demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, McDonald’s will pay as much of your fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive; 
if more than 1,000 arbitration demands are filed against McDonald’s relating to substantially the same business decision or underlying facts by individuals who followed the procedures set forth in subsections 3 and 5 above and are represented by the same counsel or coordinated counsel, and if no substantive ruling has been made in an arbitration between you and McDonald’s relating to that decision or those facts, then both you and McDonald’s have the unilateral right to opt out of this arbitration provision and have your dispute heard in state court in DuPage County, Illinois or in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by sending a written notice to the other party; and
with the exception of subparts 9 and 12 above, if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, or illegal provision were not contained herein. If, however, either or both of subparts 9 and 12 above are found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither McDonald’s nor you shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute. In such event, you agree to bring any and all claims arising out of or related to these terms or the online services in either the state courts of DuPage County, Illinois or the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. If litigation ensues for any reason, both you and McDonald’s agree to waive any right to a trial by jury. Further, notwithstanding any other language in this arbitration provision, neither you nor McDonald’s shall be precluded from seeking remedies in small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of its jurisdiction. Finally, this arbitration provision is reciprocally binding on all parties, such that both you and McDonald’s are required to arbitrate their claims against one another. For more information on the AAA and its rules and procedures, you may visit the AAA Website.
10. Terms relating to the Mobile Application
This section applies only if you access our online services through a mobile device running Apple’s iOS or Google’s Android operating systems. If you access our online services through a mobile application, the applicable terms for the platform from which you download the mobile application (“Platform Terms”), such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, may apply in addition to these terms and conditions. These terms incorporate and supplement the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) terms and conditions, including the Licensed Application End User terms therein (“Apple terms”). You also acknowledge and agree:

Neither Apple nor Google has no obligation at all to provide any support or maintenance services and neither are responsible for the content in the mobile application. If you have any maintenance or support questions in relation to the mobile application, or any concerns regarding content in the mobile application, please contact McDonald’s or Google, not Apple, using the above Support Services details;
Neither Google nor Apple have any responsibility for content within the mobile application. If you have any concerns regarding content in the mobile application, please contact McDonald’s as described within these terms, depending on the nature of your concern;
Except as otherwise expressly set out in these terms, any claims relating to the possession or use of the mobile application Version are between you and McDonald’s; neither Google nor Apple shall be a party; and
Neither Apple nor Google will be responsible or liable to you in relation to any third party claim, or the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge thereof: (i) that your possession or use (in accordance with these terms) of the   mobile application infringes any intellectual property rights; (ii) relating to any product warranties other than in the Platform Terms, whether express or implied; (iii) product liability claims; (iv) any claim that the mobile application  fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (v) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
If the mobile application that you have purchased does not conform to any warranty applying to it, you may notify Apple or Google, which may refund the purchase price of the mobile application to you subject to then-current Platform Terms. Subject to that, and to the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Apple nor Google give or enter into any warranty, condition or other term in relation to the mobile application and will not be liable to you for any claims, losses, costs or expenses of whatever nature in relation to the mobile application or as a result of you or anyone else using the mobile application or relying on any of its content. Apple and Google shall be intended third-party beneficiaries of this section.

11. Accessibility
If you are a user with a disability, or an individual assisting a user with a disability, and have difficulty accessing or navigating our online services, please reach out to us by emailing accessibility@us.mcd.com. For more information, please review our McDonald's Digital Accessibility page.

12. Miscellaneous.
McDonald's makes no representation that the online services are appropriate or available outside of the United States. If you use the online services from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
These terms will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of Illinois, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law.
Although these terms govern the online services as between McDonald’s and you only (and neither Apple nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System are parties to these terms), Apple and all other Members of the McDonald’s System are third party beneficiaries under these terms and will have the right to enforce against you those rights that McDonald’s holds under these terms to the extent such terms may pertain to them; there are no other third beneficiaries under these terms.
The terms are written in English (US). Any translation of the terms into another language is provided solely for your convenience, and to the extent there is any conflict between the two, the English (US) version controls.
On termination of these terms or of your permission to use the online services, all rights granted to you under terms shall cease; however, these terms will continue to apply to your prior use of the online services and anything relating to or arising from such use. Upon termination, all rights of McDonald’s and other Members of the McDonald’s System, including all intellectual property rights, proprietary rights, and licenses in these terms shall survive, as well as all restrictions on use, all limitations on liability and disclaimers, and all of Section 9 (“How we settle disputes”).
Each of the terms and conditions in these terms are severable and operate separately. If any of them are unlawful, void or unenforceable, then the remaining terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect.
If McDonald’s fails to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these terms, or if McDonald’s does not enforce its rights against you, or delays in doing so, that will not mean that McDonald’s has waived its rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations.
McDonald’s may transfer its rights and obligations under these terms to another organization or entity, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these terms. You may only transfer your rights or obligations under these terms to another person if McDonald’s agrees in writing.
MyMcDonald’s Rewards Terms (USA)
Effective: October 20, 2023

In certain geographical areas, McDonald’s makes available its MyMcDonald’s Rewards program (“MyMcDonald’s Rewards”, or the “program”). If you are within those geographical areas, the program may be displayed to you.

These MyMcDonald’s Rewards Terms (USA) (the “program terms”) apply only if you join the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program and participate in the program as part of your use of the online services. The program terms are intended to supplement (not change) the Terms and Conditions for McDonald’s Online Services (USA) (the “online services terms”). When the word “terms” is used without any reference to the “program terms” or the “online services terms,” it is meant to encompass both sets of terms. All definitions used in the online services terms apply to these program terms.

You understand and acknowledge that you have already agreed to the online services terms when you registered and logged into your online services account. Although the program terms are intended to supplement and not to change the online services terms, in the event of a conflict between the program terms and online services terms that relates to the program itself, the program terms will control. In the event of any other conflict between the program terms and the online services terms, the online services terms will control.

Important: You understand and acknowledge that MyMcDonald’s Rewards is subject to the arbitration agreement, jury and class action waivers, limitations on McDonald’s liability, as set forth in Section 9, above, and other provisions that affect your legal rights regarding the online services, including the program as part of the online services. Please carefully read and understand these terms.

Eligibility and enrollment.
MyMcDonald’s Rewards is only open to you if you meet the age requirements for the online services. In order to join MyMcDonald’s Rewards, you must register an online services account. When you use the online services outside of the geographical area of the program, neither the program nor any points you accumulated in the program will be available to you.

How to earn points.
Once enrolled in the program, when you identify your online services account at the time of purchase, you will earn 100 points for every $1 U.S. dollar spent on qualifying purchases. You can identify your online services account at the time of purchase by any way that we recognize, such as: (a) making a purchase using the Mobile Order & Pay feature of the mobile app, (b) scanning a QR code at a register or kiosk, or (c) giving the code displayed in your account to the restaurant crew person who is taking your order.

If you don’t properly identify your online services account before you complete your qualifying purchase, a manual adjustment can be made to add the points to your account for up to seven (7) days from the actual purchase date. As long as you ordered at a restaurant that participates in MyMcDonald’s Rewards, you can use your receipt from the restaurant to get missing points in the McDonald’s app.

Qualifying purchases.
A “qualifying purchase” means using the online services to purchase eligible products from a participating restaurant in a manner that properly identifies you as described above. Qualifying purchases where an active reward, mobile offer, or promotional offer is redeemed will accrue points, but you will only accrue points for U.S. dollars actually spent in the transaction. Further, the following are not considered qualifying purchases and will not accrue points: (a) taxes, bag and bottle fees, and other surcharges or fees, and (b) loading any money on a McDonald’s Arch card (gift card), but when a McDonald’s Arch card is used to make a qualifying purchase, you will accrue points.

Verifying your points balance.
You can check your points balance in your online services account using the McDonald’s app. Points that you earn may not always immediately post to your account. You are responsible to ensure points from your qualifying purchases are correct. If you believe points from your qualifying purchase were incorrectly calculated, you must notify McDonald’s within six (6) months of the qualifying purchase by providing your receipt to McDonald’s Customer Care. McDonald’s has the sole discretion to determine points in your account and McDonald’s has no liability for any delay or failure to correctly credit points to your account.

Exchanging your points for rewards that you choose.
You can exchange your points for rewards for free products on the Rewards Menu (each a “reward”), which you can then use at participating restaurants. You must use the McDonald’s app or other online services in order to exchange your points for rewards. If you have enough points for a reward, the reward will be unlocked in the online services and be available for a points exchange. Potential rewards for which you don’t have enough points may be displayed but locked. Once you select a reward and exchange your points for it, the number of points for that reward will be temporarily deducted from your account and the reward will be displayed in your account. The reward will temporarily remain in your account until you redeem it for a product, and if you do not, it will be converted back to points. When you redeem the reward for which you exchanged points, the points will be permanently deducted from your account and will not be refunded to your account for any reason, even if your order is cancelled. You cannot exchange points for more than one reward at a time. When you redeem your reward for a product, you are obtaining that product directly from the participating restaurant, not from other Members of the McDonald’s System.

Other ways to earn and redeem.
From time to time, McDonald’s may offer new and different ways for you to earn and redeem points, including bonus campaigns or points accelerators. McDonald’s has the sole discretion to offer, change and terminate the different ways to earn and redeem points, including for example, the points associated with bonus campaigns and accelerators. Sometimes earning and redeeming points may be subject to additional terms disclosed at the time of the offer.

Rewards Menu.
McDonald’s publishes eligible rewards in the online services and identifies how many points are required for each reward. The Rewards Menu may have multiple reward levels and multiple rewards on each level, which can change from time to time.  McDonald’s makes no promise of the continued availability of any reward, even if it is displayed to you in the online services.  Rewards are available until supplies last at participating restaurants and may be modified, changed and discontinued at any time.

Point expiration.
Points expire on the first (1st) day of the month after the sixth (6th) month from the date such points were earned. Points will be maintained in your online services account until you exchange your points for a reward, or until they expire, whichever occurs first.  If McDonald’s terminates the program, any unused points in your account will expire and be void when the program is terminated. Upon termination of your online services account for any reason (including, but not limited to, whether you choose to close your account or McDonald’s terminates your account for a violation of these terms), all points that you have accumulated in MyMcDonald’s Rewards will immediately expire. By opting out of the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program, all points and rewards you have earned until now will no longer be available.

Your compliance with the terms.
McDonald’s has the discretion to invalidate or void points from your online services account, or to suspend or terminate your account (both now and in the future), if McDonald’s believes you improperly obtained points, abused the program or otherwise violated these terms. In that event, you forfeit any points you have accumulated (including properly obtained points) and you forfeit your right to earn points in the future. McDonald’s has the sole discretion to determine your compliance with these terms. McDonald’s determination is final.

No rights in points.
Points are not property and you have no vested right or interest in points. Points have no cash value. Points are not assignable or transferrable between online services accounts or otherwise, and points cannot be combined across accounts, regardless of who registered the account.

Changes to MyMcDonald’s Rewards.
MyMcDonald’s Rewards can change from time to time, so be sure to continue to refer to these terms for the latest details and news. We are also constantly improving the program and we may have exciting new offers.

McDonald’s reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, change, modify or discontinue MyMcDonald’s Rewards, in whole or in part, including any terms, rules, features, benefits, rewards, conditions of participation, points accruing or accumulation ratio, the points redemption policy, the points expiration policy, or any other aspect of the program at any time, and such changes may affect points and rewards already in your account. We will post any changes to the program terms to the online services so that you can review the current terms at any time. McDonald’s may make changes to any element of the program to correct for typographical, printing or other errors and you waive any rights relating to same.  Any changes will become effective immediately upon posting the revisions.  At all times, you are solely responsible for remaining knowledgeable about and in compliance with these terms.

Miscellaneous.
All rewards offered via the program are subject to availability. Some participating restaurants do not sell all products offered as rewards.  Images of products and packaging of rewards are examples only and may not be identical to the product or packaging you receive from a participating restaurant.

McDonald’s Text Messaging Program Terms & Conditions (USA)
Last Updated: October 20, 2023

Important: These text messaging program terms & conditions (USA) apply only if you have opted in to a text messaging program of McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”) and may include both short message service (SMS) and multimedia message service (MMS) functionality.

When you opt in to a McDonald’s text message program, you understand and agree that these Terms and Conditions for McDonald’s Online Services (USA) are incorporated into, and become part of, the McDonald’s Text Messaging Program Terms & Conditions (and both documents are together, the “terms”). The terms contain an arbitration agreement, jury and class action waivers, limitations on McDonald’s liability and other provisions that affect your legal rights regarding McDonald’s text messaging program. Please carefully read and understand these terms.

You understand and agree that McDonald’s text messaging program is considered an “online service” under the terms.

1. Text Messaging Program Terms and Conditions
About the Program.
This is a standard rate text message program. By subscribing to McDonald’s text messaging program, you consent to receiving text marketing messages at the mobile number you provided using automated technology from or on behalf of McDonald’s (and its agencies and services providers) via the short code provided within the campaign and understand that consent is not a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. McDonald’s Privacy Statement and California Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use, and share information.

Charges and Fees.
McDonald’s does not charge for its text message program; however, your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. To participate in McDonald’s text messaging program, you must have a text messaging enabled mobile device with a current text messaging plan. Please contact your mobile carrier for information about your text messaging plan. All related charges and fees are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Your mobile carrier may impose message or charge limitations on your account that are outside our control.

Franchisee text marketing programs.
Many of our restaurants are owned and operated by franchisees. These terms do not apply to any of our franchisees’ text marketing programs. If you are receiving text messages from a McDonald’s franchisee, you will need to opt out from them directly. Each franchisee is solely and independently responsible for its legal and regulatory compliance.

2. How to Use the Text Messaging Service
For Help.
If you need assistance, send HELP to the McDonald’s number you opted in to at any time to receive program contact information.

How to Opt-In.
To opt into McDonald’s text messaging program, you can text the number and keyword(s) provided to begin your subscription. From time to time, McDonald’s may also provide other numbers and/or keyword(s) to opt in to additional campaigns.

How to Opt-Out.
To stop receiving text messages from McDonald’s text STOP to the McDonald’s number you opted in to opt out of McDonald’s text messaging program. You can also opt out by contacting us at the phone number or email address below. Opting out of one form of communication does not mean you’ve opted out of other forms as well. For example, if you opt out of receiving text messages, you may still receive marketing email messages if you’ve opted in to receiving them. Please note that if you are receiving text messages from a McDonald’s franchisee, then you will need to opt out from them directly.

What Keywords You Can Use.
At any time during the campaign, you can text the following to us: HELP, or STOP, . From time to time, McDonald’s may also provide other keyword(s).

3. Contact Us
If you have additional questions or comments, please contact us, call us at (866) 970-0106, or email us at contact.privacy@us.mcd.com.

McDonald's Delivery Program Terms (USA)
Effective: October 20, 2023

In certain geographical areas, you can place a delivery order via the McDonald’s mobile app (“delivery” or “delivery program”). If you are within those geographical areas, the delivery option may be displayed to you. You understand and agree the delivery program is considered part of the “online services” under the Terms and Conditions for McDonald’s Online Services (USA) (the “online services terms”).

These McDonald’s delivery program Terms (USA) (the “delivery program terms”) apply only if you participate in the delivery program. The delivery program terms are intended to supplement (not change) the online services terms.

Important: You understand and acknowledge that the terms contain an arbitration agreement, jury and class action waivers, limitations on McDonald’s liability and other provisions that affect your legal rights regarding delivery program. Please carefully read and understand these terms.

Placing orders for delivery
This section applies to any delivery orders you place in the delivery program. Please read this section before you place any delivery orders. Please note that delivery may not be available in all geographic areas or through all online services that McDonald’s provides. Please refer to the McDonald’s Delivery Program FAQs for more information on placing orders for delivery.

The purpose of the delivery program is to provide customers with a convenient way to place an order for products through the McDonald’s mobile app for delivery. To participate in the delivery program, you will need to enter your address, name, and phone number, and McDonald’s will share the information you enter with the third-party delivery provider assigned to your order, and such information will be subject to McDonald’s Privacy Statement and/or the third-party delivery provider’s privacy policy, if applicable. You will not be able to choose the restaurant or the third-party delivery provider, as each will be pre-determined for you based on a number of different factors, including the delivery address.

Eligibility and Enrollment
You must register an online services account in order to use delivery. Before you submit an order for delivery, you must register a credit card or debit card (either one, a “payment card”) to be associated with your online services account, or use another payment method that McDonald’s supports to use with your orders.

Registering your payment method
For payment cards that you register to use with the online services, McDonald’s and the restaurants use third party payment services providers to securely store your payment card information and process your payments to restaurants and third-party delivery providers. You understand and agree that, when you register a payment card, McDonald’s or its third-party payment services providers may verify that the payment card you registered is valid, including by authorizing a low-value temporary charge. You also understand and agree that when you use the delivery program to make a purchase from a restaurant, that restaurant will be the merchant of record. You do not make your purchase until you select ‘Place Order’, and your payment method will be charged upon selecting ‘Place Order’. You represent and warrant that you are of sufficient age and have all legal rights to use all payment methods you register. When you select ‘Place Order’ you authorize the restaurant to process your order total, which includes other applicable fees. The restaurant’s payment service provider will process your order total amount (and if updated with a tip, your updated order total amount) to the payment method you selected when you built your order. You own the products after they have been delivered to you by the third-party delivery provider.

Third party delivery provider responsibilities
McDonald’s and the restaurants use third-party delivery providers for the delivery program. You acknowledge and agree that the third-party delivery provider is responsible for collecting the delivery order, providing the delivery services, and providing customer support for delivery orders, refunds, and complaints.

About the prices for delivery
Each restaurant independently determines its own prices and independently applies any additional taxes and fees as required by law. Prices for items for delivery orders may be higher than the prices for the same items for pick up. Certain offers and pricing may not be available for all orders at all locations. Item prices may be different if you switch restaurants or change how you’re getting your order. Updated order totals can result from the unavailability of certain products, changes in price, or other reasons. Delivery orders are subject to a delivery fee, service fee (calculated from pre-discounted subtotal), small order fee, and sales tax.

Cancelling your order, refunds and your consumer rights
You have the ability to update or abandon your order at any time prior to selecting ‘Place Order’. If you would like to attempt to cancel your order after placing your order or you would like to seek a refund for any reason, or if you have any other questions about your order, please connect with the third-party delivery provider’s customer support service using the link at the bottom of the app screen. You can also access our McDonald’s Delivery Program FAQs. Your legal rights in this respect are not affected by anything in these terms.

Earning and redeeming MyMcDonald’s Rewards on delivery orders
You can earn points and redeem rewards on eligible delivery orders if you join the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program. The following are not considered qualifying purchases for delivery orders and will not accrue points: sales tax, delivery fee, service fee, small order fee, and delivery tip. If you cancel your order before a driver is assigned, you will not earn any points and any rewards redeemed will be returned as an active reward.

---
Standard Terms and Conditions to Purchase Orders For Products
Controlling Effect of Terms and Conditions/Definitions.
The following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") shall apply to the provision by a supplier (the "Supplier") of products or services (each, a "Product") that may be used in the McDonald's System pursuant to a written or electronic purchaser order setting forth price, quantities and delivery, payment and other terms (each, a "Purchase Order") issued on behalf of McDonald's Corporation, McDonald's USA, LLC or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates (each, as applicable, a "Purchaser"). In the event Supplier has an existing written agreement (each, an "Existing Agreement") with a Purchaser applicable to a Product provided pursuant to a Purchaser Order, Supplier's provision of such Product shall be governed by the terms and conditions set forth in the Existing Agreement and these Terms and Conditions shall not apply to such Purchase Order.
As used herein, the term "Supplier Affiliates" includes all direct or indirect subsidiaries and affiliates and all officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, independent contractors, subcontractors, representatives or others acting on behalf of the Supplier and such direct or indirect subsidiaries and affiliates. The term "Purchaser Affiliates" includes all direct or indirect subsidiaries and affiliates of a Purchaser, all franchisees in and suppliers (other than Supplier and Supplier Affiliates) to the McDonald's System, and all officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, independent contractors, representatives or others acting on behalf of a Purchaser and such direct or indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees and suppliers (other than Supplier and Supplier Affiliates). The term "McDonald's System" means the comprehensive system for the ongoing development, operation and maintenance of McDonald's restaurants and includes among others, McDonald's Corporation, McDonald's USA, LLC, each of their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, franchisees and suppliers.
Developments, Prior Developments, Improvements, Off-The-Shelf Products.
Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree that

Purchaser will be the exclusive owner and will have all proprietary and intellectual property rights to all Developments and Improvements;
Purchaser or others designated by Purchaser will have a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license, with right of sublicense, to make, have made, use, or sell all Prior Developments; and
Purchaser will pay no separate compensation for the Developments, Prior Developments or Improvements except as set forth in Section 4 below. As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings:
"Developments" means all Work Product, other than - Prior Developments, submitted by the Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates to Purchaser and/or any Purchaser Affiliates in response to any request for proposals by Purchaser and/or any Purchaser Affiliate, or Work Product developed, created, discovered, conceived or reduced to practice, individually by Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates or jointly with Purchaser and/or Purchaser Affiliates, in connection with any Product.
"Work Product" includes, but is not limited to, all products, equipment, compositions, processes, formulas, recipes, techniques, innovations, discoveries, ideas, names, concepts, developments, writings, inventions, technology improvements, trade secrets, trade names, trade marks, service marks, designs and know-how related thereto and all intellectual property and other proprietary rights, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise subject to intellectual property protection.
"Prior Developments" means all Work Product of Supplier or Supplier Affiliates relating to any Product that is in the possession of or owned by Supplier or Supplier Affiliates prior to any contact, discussion or other communication with Purchaser or Purchaser Affiliates relating to such Product provided that Supplier establishes such prior possession or ownership by contemporary documentation reasonably acceptable to Purchaser.
"Improvements" means modifications, alterations, changes, improvements, enhancements, adaptations or derivative works of or to any Developments or Prior Developments.
Supplier hereby grants and assigns and will cause Supplier Affiliates to grant and assign to Purchaser or any third party designated by Purchaser, all right, title and interest that Supplier or Supplier Affiliates may have in the Developments and the Improvements, including all proprietary and intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to patent, copyright, trademark, servicemark or trade secret rights, and all goodwill associated therewith. In addition, Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree to promptly notify Purchaser of all Developments and Improvements described in Section 2(a) above and sign, and cause Supplier Affiliates to sign, at no charge, such documents, at any time reasonably required by Purchaser, including patent, copyright, trademark applications and assignments, to achieve such intellectual property status as Purchaser deems appropriate to protect, perfect, register, record and maintain Purchaser's rights in the Developments and Improvements.

Supplier agrees, represents and warrants and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, represent and warrant that it or they, as applicable, are the sole owners of all rights to the Prior Developments and Work Product (of Supplier and Supplier Affiliates) relating to each Product, or have the authorization of the owners of such rights so as to be able to convey the rights to Purchaser or to a third party designated by Purchaser as set forth in this Section 2. Supplier further agrees, represents and warrants and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, represent and warrant that the use of any Prior Developments, Developments or Improvements will not violate or infringe the proprietary or intellectual property rights of any person or entity.

Supplier and Supplier Affiliates will have no rights to disclose, make, have made, use, sell or otherwise exploit the Developments or any Improvements.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, "off-the-shelf" Products that are developed by Supplier or Supplier Affiliates independent of Supplier's business relationship with Purchaser shall not be subject to the foregoing subsections

With respect to such Products, Supplier shall and hereby agrees, represents and warrants and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, represent and warrant that it or they, as applicable, are the sole owners of all rights to such Products or have the authorization of the owners of such rights so as to be able to sell such Products to Purchaser. Supplier further agrees, represents and warrants and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, represent and warrant that the use of such Products will not violate or infringe the proprietary or intellectual property rights of any person or entity.

Confidentiality.
Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree that all Purchaser Confidential Information (defined below) will be held in strict confidence, pursuant to the specific provisions set forth in this Section 3.
"Purchaser Confidential Information" includes, but is not limited to, any and all ideas, information, material, data, documents or other Work Product of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate that have been furnished to Supplier or Supplier Affiliates by Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate either orally, in writing, by inspection or by means of computer, tape or other electronic, magnetic, mechanical or visual media and that relate to
any proposed or actual Product;
the business, assets, financial condition, operations, trade secrets, know-how or prospects of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate;
the McDonald's System; or
any and all Developments and Improvements. "Purchaser Confidential Information" also includes any analyses, compilations, studies, summaries, extracts or other documents or records (regardless of the format in which maintained) prepared by Supplier or Supplier Affiliates which contain or otherwise reflect or are generated from the foregoing information.
The nature and contents of Purchaser Confidential Information will not be disclosed by Supplier to others (except Supplier Affiliates, subject to the conditions described below) or used in any manner except pursuant to the terms of this Agreement without the prior written permission of Purchaser. Supplier agrees to take all reasonable precautions necessary to keep Purchaser Confidential Information secret and confidential with no less than the degree of care it uses in safeguarding its own confidential information and other proprietary information. With respect to any Purchaser Confidential Information provided to Supplier, Supplier further agrees that each Supplier Affiliate given access to such Purchaser Confidential Information must have a legitimate need to know and must agree to be bound by this Section 3.
Purchaser Confidential Information does not include any information or data that (1) is already known by Supplier or Supplier Affiliates (through no improper action) prior to receipt, provided that Supplier or Supplier Affiliates, as the case may be, within 30 days of receipt of Purchaser Confidential Information advises Purchaser in writing if any part or all of the Purchaser Confidential Information is already known to it or them and supplies Purchaser with all relevant documents to support its or their position; (2) becomes (through no improper action) generally available to the public; (3) is independently developed by Supplier or Supplier Affiliates without the use of any Purchaser Confidential Information for a party other than Purchaser or Purchaser Affiliates provided, however, that Supplier or Supplier Affiliates, as the case may be, will have the burden of establishing that whomever allegedly worked on the independent development did not have direct or indirect access to any Purchaser Confidential Information; or (4) is approved for release by written authorization from Purchaser.
If Supplier or any Supplier Affiliate is required by applicable law or regulation or as a result of any judicial, administrative or governmental proceeding to disclose any Purchaser Confidential Information, Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree to provide Purchaser with written notice of such requirement promptly after learning of the same and to object to the production on the grounds that the information requested is confidential. Subject to the foregoing, Supplier or Supplier Affiliates may furnish that portion of the Purchaser Confidential Information that, in the written opinion of its counsel reasonably acceptable to Purchaser, Supplier or Supplier Affiliates are legally required to disclose. In addition, Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree to exercise their best efforts to obtain confidential treatment or a protective order with respect to such Purchaser Confidential Information and allow Purchaser, in its sole discretion, to participate in such action or proceeding.
Supplier agrees and will advise Supplier Affiliates and cause them to agree that
Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate may engage other parties to work with Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate on a project or projects in order to develop products or services that are similar or identical to any Product; and
any information, ideas, material, documentation, Work Product or other matter, including Developments, Prior Developments and Improvements, may be shared by Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate with such other parties. Purchaser will cause such other parties to be bound by confidentiality provisions similar to those contained herein.
Upon request by Purchaser, Supplier and Supplier Affiliates will immediately return to Purchaser all Purchaser Confidential Information.
Supplier acknowledges that it is aware, and that it will advise Supplier Affiliates and each of their directors, officers, employees and representatives who are informed as to the matters which are the subject of a Purchaser Order or these Terms and Conditions, that applicable securities laws restrict persons with material, non-public information concerning McDonald's Corporation (including, without limitation, Purchaser Confidential Information) from purchasing or selling securities of McDonald's Corporation or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities.
Costs of Development.
All costs and expenses of development, research and testing that Supplier or Supplier Affiliates incur in connection with any Product (collectively "Development Costs") will be borne by Supplier or Supplier Affiliates and are not subject to any reimbursement by Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate. In addition, Supplier understands and agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree that no Development Costs will be incurred in reliance on securing any other business with Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate.

Products.
Purchaser strives to maintain quality and uniformity throughout the McDonald's System by identifying standards, procedures, specifications and requirements (collectively "Standards") for the manufacture, distribution and purchasing, preparation and service of goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment and inventory. Purchaser considers these Standards to be of critical importance to the continued success of the McDonald's System.
Supplier understands and agrees and will advise Supplier Affiliates, as applicable, and cause them to agree that (1) a commitment to purchase any Product will arise only at such time that a Purchaser issues a Purchaser Order; (2) neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Affiliate makes any promises, commitments (except to the extent of valid Purchase Orders issued by and in the name of a Purchaser) or guarantees of sales or profit; and (3) Purchaser Affiliates are not responsible for and do not guarantee payment of any past due invoices or delinquent accounts of any Purchaser.
Supplier represents and warrants and will cause Supplier Affiliates to represent and warrant that each Product will
conform to Purchaser's then current Standards;
be merchantable;
be free from defects in design, construction, workmanship, materials and packaging;
be fit and sufficient for the purpose for which it is intended and/or which is stated on any packaging, labeling or advertising; and
be equivalent in materials, quality, fit, finish, workmanship, performance and design to samples, if any, submitted to and approved by Purchaser.
Supplier agrees, represents and warrants and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, represent and warrant that
the manufacture, use, distribution or sale of each Product will not violate or infringe any proprietary or intellectual property rights of any person or entity;
each Product will be produced, packaged, tagged, labeled, packed, shipped and invoiced in compliance with the applicable requirements of federal, state and local laws, regulations, ordinances and administrative orders and rules of the United States, its territories and all other countries in which such Product is produced or delivered;
they will strictly adhere to all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations, ordinances and administrative orders and rules of the United States, its territories and all other countries in which each Product is produced or delivered with respect to the operation of their production facilities and their other business and labor practices, including laws, regulations and prohibitions governing the working conditions, wages, hours and minimum age of work force;
they will not discriminate based upon gender, race, sexual orientation, national origin or any other basis prohibited by law in their employment practices and that each Product will not be produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by child labor or by convict or forced labor;
upon request from Purchaser, they will provide Purchaser with specific information, in such detail as Purchaser may reasonably request, as to the location(s) and methods(s) of the manufacture of each Product;
upon reasonable notice and during regular business hours, Purchaser, its designated representatives and any independent inspectors approved by Purchaser may inspect any production facility at which each Product or any components of a Product are being produced;
if Purchaser determines that a Product must be inspected prior to its shipment to the United States or other country, such inspection will be performed at the sole expense of Supplier or a Supplier Affiliate by an independent inspector approved by Purchaser and any inspection or documentation thereof, and corrective actions, if any, taken by Supplier or a Supplier Affiliate with respect to such Product will not be deemed an acceptance of any Product, or a waiver of any nonconformities or defects in any such Product and will not excuse any failure by Supplier or a Supplier Affiliate to deliver such Product in accordance with this Terms and Conditions or the terms of any Purchase Order;
they will strictly adhere to the current McDonald's Code of Conduct for Suppliers, as it may change over time, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A;
they will not use any trade name, trademark, service mark or other intellectual property of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate, or any other trade name, trademark or service mark incorporating the "Mc" or "Mac" formative, in any manner whatsoever, including, without limitation, on or in connection with any Product or other products or services, without first obtaining the written consent of Purchaser;
they are familiar with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), and will at all times remain in compliance with the FCPA, including its prohibition against taking actions corruptly in furtherance of any offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment of any money, or offer, gift, promise to give or authorization of the giving of anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to government officials, candidates of political parties, or to any person, while knowing that all or some portion of the consideration given to that person will be offered, given or promised to government officials or candidates of political parties, for the purpose of
influencing any act, decision or failure to act by a government official in his or her official capacity;
inducing such official to use his or her influence with a government to affect any act or decision of the government; or
securing an improper advantage in order to obtain, retain or direct business; further, they will not take any actions that would result in a violation of the FCPA by Purchaser, and will not use any part of payments received from Purchaser for any purpose that would constitute a violation of the FCPA; and finally, they are not owned or controlled by government officials or candidates of political parties to whom payments are regulated by the FCPA, or any other persons who might assert illegal influence on their behalf; and
they nor any person or entity that directly owns 10% or greater equity interest in it nor any of its officers, directors or managing members are not, and shall not become a person or entity (each, a "Prohibited Person") with whom U.S. persons or entities are restricted from doing business under the regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control ("OFAC") of the Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC's Specially Designated and Blocked Persons List) or under Executive Order 13224 (the "Executive Order") signed on September 24, 2001, and entitled "Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action.
Supplier represents and warrants, and will cause Supplier Affiliates to represent and warrant that they have taken all reasonable steps to test any software developed hereunder (including software modifications) for Disabling Code (as defined below) and that the software is and shall be free of Disabling Code as of the date of delivery by Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates, and that Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates shall continue to take such steps with respect to future enhancements or modifications to the software. Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates shall not invoke any Disabling Code on any systems of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate. The term "Disabling Code" means computer instructions, features or functions that may permit Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates or a third party to, or may automatically:
alter, destroy or inhibit the software and/or the processing environment of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate;
erase, destroy, corrupt or modify any data, programs, materials or information used by Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate or store any data, programs, materials or information on Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate's computers without the consent of Purchaser or the Purchaser Affiliate;
discontinue Purchaser's effective use or any Purchaser Affiliate's effective use of the software; or
bypass any internal or external software security measure to obtain access to any hardware, software or data (data includes, but is not limited to, any data or information belonging to Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate, as well as any data or information belonging to another party that is in the possession of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate) of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate without the written consent of an officer of Purchaser, including, but not limited to, other programs' data storage and computer libraries. Disabling Code includes, but is not limited to, programs that self-replicate without manual intervention, instructions programmed to activate at a predetermined time or upon a specified event, and/or programs purporting to do a meaningful function but designed for a different function. Supplier further covenants, warrants and represents and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, represent and warrant that it shall maintain a master copy of each version of the software free and clear of any Disabling Code. Upon Purchaser's request, Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates agree to make such master copy available to Purchaser, with appropriate provisions for security thereof, for comparison with, and if necessary, correction by Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates of Purchaser's copy of the software.
To the extent that any computer equipment is used by Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates in conjunction with any Product and/or Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates provides software or equipment to Purchaser, Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates must use up-to-date anti-virus software on all such equipment and systems, which shall constitute commercially reasonable efforts to deliver all software and equipment virus free. As used in the preceding sentence, "upto-date anti-virus software" shall mean that Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates use virus definition files made available by the anti-virus software publisher no more than seven (7) days prior to the date of the complained of incident. With respect to any Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliate's equipment or software which may interface directly with the network system of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate (the "Corporate Network"), Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates will provide Purchaser's Technology Assurance & Security group Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliate's standard software load on a representative Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliate's laptop prior to accessing any portion of the Corporate Network or shared resources for a technical review to determine if Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates is in compliance with Purchaser's standards. Any Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates hardware or software not in complete compliance with Purchaser standards will not be allowed to access any portion of the Corporate Network or shared resources. If a request is made for Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates to use remote access to the Corporate Network and Purchaser approves such a request, Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates shall use only Purchaser approved method(s) for remote access to the Corporate Network. All such requests for remote access must be submitted to Purchaser's Technology Assurance and Security group. Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates must have approved anti-virus protection software and update virus definition files on a weekly basis, unless a new or variant virus or malicious code is identified by Purchaser and communicated to Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates and in such case, the updates will occur daily. All storage media will be scanned on a daily basis or files will be scanned on a real time basis by virus protection software as those files are accessed, and any infected files will be immediately deleted. Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates will be responsible for making any and all configuration changes or purchases, which may be required, based on the above referenced Purchaser evaluation. Any decision and/or recommendation made by Purchaser's Technology Assurance & Security on the adequacy of the anti-virus protection software used by Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates, is applicable only to the date of the test and/or statement issued. It is the responsibility of Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates to ensure timely updates, patches, etc., and to ensure their software and protection remains current (as specified above). With respect to software deliverables, immediately before delivering them to Purchaser, Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates will scan such deliverables for viruses with the most recent virus definition files available from the anti-virus software publisher. If Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates fails to perform any obligation set forth in this section and if as a result, the software deliverable or interfacing equipment introduces a virus into the system(s) of Purchaser or any Purchaser Affiliate, Supplier and/or Supplier Affiliates will be responsible for any costs in removing the virus from the affected system(s), in addition to being liable for other damages resulting from such introduction.
Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree to obtain and maintain, at its expense, a policy or policies of commercial general liability insurance covering liabilities relating to the Products, including but not limited to products and completed operations coverage, with a broad form vendor's endorsement naming Purchaser and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates or such other party designated by Purchaser, in such amounts and with such companies and containing such other provisions satisfactory to Purchaser. All such policies will provide that the coverage thereunder will not be terminated or any material changes made without at least 30 days prior written notice to Purchaser. Certificates of insurance evidencing such coverage will be promptly submitted to Purchaser. Approval of any of these insurance policies by Purchaser will not relieve Supplier of any obligation contained herein, including Supplier's defense and indemnity requirements set forth below, even for claims in excess of the policy limits.
Supplier agrees, and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, that in addition to all other remedies available to any Purchaser, any Product may be rejected by such Purchaser and abandoned, returned or held at Supplier's or Supplier Affiliate's expense and risk, when such Product
is not produced, sold, shipped and/or delivered in compliance with the terms of these Terms and Conditions or the applicable Purchase Order;
violates or allegedly violates federal, state and local laws, regulations, ordinances and administrative orders and rules of the United States, its territories and all other countries in which the Product is produced or delivered; or
infringes or allegedly infringes any patent, trademark, service mark, trade name, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual or proprietary right.
Indemnification.
Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree, to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and Purchaser Affiliates (each an "Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses, claims, actions, suits or proceedings and any related judgments, damages, amounts paid in settlement, and any other expenses, costs or fees (including reasonable counsel fees, disbursements costs of investigation) (each a "Loss"), arising from or in any way relating to a Product, including but not limited to
any actual or alleged infringement or misappropriation of any patent, trademark, tradename, service mark, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual or proprietary right or any actual or alleged unfair competition relating to any Developments, Prior Developments, Improvements or Products;
the death of or injury to any person, damage to any property, or any other damage or loss, by whomsoever suffered, resulting or claimed to result, in whole or in part, from any actual or alleged defect in a Product, whether latent or patent, including actual or alleged improper construction and/or design, or actual or alleged failure of such Product to comply with any Standards or with any express or implied warranties of Supplier or any Supplier Affiliates, or any claim of strict liability (or like theory of law) tort relating to any Product;
violation of any federal, state or local laws, regulations, ordinances or administrative orders or rules of the United States or any other country, or political subdivisions thereof, in which any Product is produced, shipped or delivered;
defects or alleged defects involving the packaging, tagging, labeling, packing, shipping and/or invoicing of any Product;
failure to warn or inadequate warnings and/or instructions relating to a Product;
improper or defective displays, assembly or installation of a Product; and
the actual or alleged breach by Supplier or any Supplier Affiliates of any of its or their representations, warranties, obligations, undertakings, agreements and covenants given under or pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (collectively "Obligations") or Alteration (as defined below) to these Terms and Conditions pursuant to Section 7.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding (collectively "Proceeding") or within a reasonable period of time after the discovery of facts that an Indemnified Person believes will likely give rise to a claim for indemnification from Supplier or a Supplier Affiliate (the "Indemnitor") hereunder, the Indemnified Person will notify the Indemnitor in writing, giving reasonable detail of the claim or the commencement of the Proceeding. Failure to give, or any deficiency in, any such notice will not relieve the Indemnitor of its indemnification obligations hereunder, except and only to the extent that such failure or deficiency materially prejudiced the ability of the Indemnitor to minimize the Loss. In each case, the Indemnified Person will be entitled to retain counsel and control the defense of the indemnified claim or Proceeding. In its defense of any such claim or Proceeding, the Indemnified Person will act reasonably and in accordance with its good faith business judgment with respect thereto, and will not settle or compromise any third party claim or Proceeding without the consent of the Indemnitor, which consent will not unreasonably be withheld. Alternatively, in the case of a third party demand, claim or Proceeding, the Indemnitor, at the request of the Indemnified Person, will assume the defense of any such demand, claim or Proceeding, employing counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person. In such a circumstance, the Indemnitor will not settle or compromise any such demand, claim or Proceeding without the consent of the Indemnified Person, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. In any circumstance involving a third party demand, claim or Proceeding in which an indemnity requirement as set forth in this Section 6 is determined not to be enforceable under applicable law, the Indemnitor and Indemnified Person will contribute to the payment of any Loss for which indemnification is not available, in proportion to the comparative degree of culpability of the Indemnitor and the Indemnified Person.
Entire Agreement/Waiver/Assignment.
Except as provided in Section 1(a), these Terms and Conditions contain the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements, understandings and negotiations regarding the same including but not limited to any confidentiality and development agreements or business relationship letters. These Terms and Conditions may not be changed, modified, amended, supplemented (each an "Alteration") or waived except by a written instrument to be signed by an authorized representative of each party hereto, in the case of an Alteration, or by an authorized representative of the party waiving compliance herewith, in the case of a waiver; provided, in each case, such written instrument must reference this Agreement and the specific provision subject to the Alteration or waiver. In addition, Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree that no Purchase Order, sales confirmation or other like document may eliminate or otherwise limit any of the Obligations of Supplier under these Terms and Conditions or otherwise amend these Terms and Conditions. No failure or delay by Purchaser in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. Supplier may not assign or delegate any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Purchaser and any attempted assignment or delegation without consent will be null and void. If any portion or portions of these Terms and Conditions are for any reason invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portion or portions are nevertheless valid and enforceable.

Choice of Law/Injunctive Relief.
This agreement will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Illinois without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions. Supplier hereby submits and will cause all supplier affiliates to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and/or state courts of Illinois in connection with all suits, actions, proceedings or other disputes relating to these terms and conditions, a purchase order, the parties' business relationship, or any other agreement between the parties or supplier affiliates or any purchaser affiliate relating to the subject matter herein (collectively "actions"). Supplier agrees (and will cause supplier affiliates to agree) to
submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the Illinois courts;
waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objections to the jurisdiction and/or venue of the Illinois courts; and
waive all rights to trial by jury in any action. Supplier further agrees (and will cause supplier affiliates to agree) that process may be served on them by mailing the same to them by certified mail, return receipt requested, with the same effect as though served upon them personally.
Supplier recognizes and acknowledges that its failure or the failure of Supplier Affiliates to comply with any of the representations, warranties, obligations, undertakings, agreements and covenants under these Terms and Conditions will cause Purchaser and Purchaser Affiliates material and adverse harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Supplier agrees and will cause Supplier Affiliates to agree that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, Purchaser and Purchaser Affiliates will be entitled to immediate injunctive relief against the breach or threatened breach of any representation, warranty, obligation, undertaking, agreement or covenant by Supplier or any Supplier Affiliates, without proof of actual damages and without posting any bond or other security.
Third Party Beneficiary.
Purchaser and each Purchaser Affiliate are intended third party beneficiaries of these Terms and Conditions.

No Reliance.
Each party hereto agrees and acknowledges that it has not relied on any representation or warranty (whether express or implied, written or oral) that is not expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions.

Exhibit A: McDonald's Code of Conduct for Suppliers
McDonald's believes that all employees deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. In each and every aspect of the employment relationship, employers need to act towards their employees as they would themselves want to be treated. The 100% satisfaction of our internal customers and our employees is essential to the 100% satisfaction of our external customers. Moreover, McDonald's is committed to a policy of complying with the law wherever it does business, and to maintaining high standards of business conduct. As a result, McDonald's has established a well-respected record and reputation for business honesty and integrity. These principles apply globally, form the basis for McDonald's own ethical business practices, and are cornerstones to McDonald's success.

McDonald's strongly believes that those suppliers who are approved to do business with the McDonald's System should follow the same philosophy, and, in the best interest of the System, McDonald's will refuse to approve or do business with those who do not uphold, in action as well as words, the same principles. McDonald's recognizes that its suppliers are independent businesses. Indeed, it honors that very independence because it provides strength to the relationship. Nonetheless, actions by those with whom McDonald's does business are sometimes attributed to McDonald's itself, affecting its reputation and the goodwill it has with its customers and others. It is only natural then that McDonald's expects its partners in business to act with the same level of honesty and integrity.

For these reasons, McDonald's has established the following policy. Compliance with this policy is required of all suppliers, and is the responsibility of each individual supplier. Suppliers shall ensure that their Subcontractors comply with this policy for employees working on product supplied to McDonald's. Failure to comply with this policy will be sufficient cause for McDonald's to exercise its right to revoke a supplier's approved status. McDonald's reserves the right, as a condition of continuation of approval, to conduct (or have its designee conduct) periodic, unannounced inspections of suppliers and their facilities and business practices to verify compliance with these standards.

Compliance with Applicable Laws and Standards
All business activities of McDonald's suppliers must conform to all applicable national and local legal requirements, customs, and published industry standards pertaining to employment and manufacturing. If statutory requirements and published industry standards conflict, suppliers must, at a minimum, be in compliance with the one which, by law, takes precedence.

Employment Practices
Prison or Forced Labor
The use of prison or forced labor by a supplier is absolutely forbidden. Likewise, the use of labor under any form of indentured servitude is prohibited, as is the use of physical punishment, confinement, threats of violence or other forms of physical, sexual, psychological or verbal harassment or abuse as a method of discipline or control. Suppliers will not themselves utilize factories or production facilities that force work to be performed by unpaid or indentured laborers or those who must otherwise work against their will, nor shall they contract for the production of products for McDonald's with Subcontractors that utilize such practices or facilities.

Child Labor
The use of child labor by suppliers is strictly prohibited. Suppliers are prohibited from using workers under the legal age of employment for the type of work in the country where the supplier performs work for McDonald's. If the country in which the supplier is doing business does not define "child" for purposes of minimum age of employment, the minimum age of employment shall be 15 years of age, and the employment of any individual in the production of products for McDonald's below that age shall be strictly prohibited. If local law allows the minimum age of employment to be 14 years of age or younger, the minimum age of employment shall be 14 years of age, and the employment of any individual in the production of products for McDonald's below that age shall be strictly prohibited. In either situation, minors between the ages of 14 and 16 may only be employed to work and only be permitted to work during periods of time when they are not required by law to attend school (except as may be permitted under apprenticeship or other similar programs in which the minor is lawfully participating).

Working Hours
Suppliers must ensure that all employees working on products supplied to McDonald's do so in compliance with all applicable national and local laws and with published industry standards pertaining to the number of hours and days worked. Such employees are to be provided with reasonable daily and weekly work schedules and adequate allowance is to be made for time off. Except in extraordinary business circumstances, employees will not be required to work more than either

the limits on regular and overtime hours allowed by local law; or
60 hours per week, inclusive of overtime. Adequate time off shall be at least one day off per week, except in extraordinary business circumstances. In the event of conflict between a statute and a published industry standard pertaining to this issue, compliance must be with the one taking precedence under national law.
Compensation
Supplier employees working on product supplied to McDonald's must be fairly compensated and provided with wages and benefits that comply with applicable national and local laws. This includes appropriate compensation for overtime work and other premium pay situations required by applicable national and local laws. If local laws do not provide for overtime pay, suppliers will pay at least regular wages for overtime work.

Non-Discrimination
Suppliers shall implement a policy that conforms to local and national law prohibiting discrimination in hiring and employment practices on the ground of race, color, religion, sex, age, physical ability, national origin, or any other applicable prohibited basis.

Workplace Environment
Suppliers shall provide their employees with safe and healthy working and, where provided, living conditions. At a minimum, potable drinking water, adequate, clean restrooms, adequate ventilation, fire exits and essential safety equipment, an emergency aid kit, access to emergency medical care, and appropriately-lit work stations must be provided. In addition, facilities be constructed and maintained in accordance with the standards set by applicable codes and ordinances.

Notification to Employees
Suppliers shall notify employees of the terms of these standards and post the terms, on the supplier's letterhead and in the local language, in a prominent place accessible to all employees.

Inspections
By Suppliers
Each supplier shall designate one or more of its management staff to be responsible for monitoring their factories and production facilities, and the production facilities of their Subcontractors used in the production of products for McDonald's, for compliance with the standards set forth herein. Each supplier must conduct such monitoring no less frequently than on an annual basis.

By McDonald's
McDonald's reserves the right to conduct or have its designee conduct unannounced inspections of suppliers' and their business practices, records, facilities, and, where provided by supplier, housing accommodations, as well as private interviews with employees. Suppliers will keep all information necessary to document compliance with these standards readily accessible. Any supplier who refuses to allow such inspections or interviews, or who does not comply with these standards, is subject to immediate termination of its status as an approved supplier.