erms and Conditions
[Last Updated October 7, 2024]

Welcome to Best Buy. The BestBuy.com website, the mobile Best Buy site, Best Buy customer support lines and email addresses, and any Best Buy app (Android and iOS) are collectively the “Best Buy Properties” and each individually is a “Best Buy Property.” By using any Best Buy Property and its related services, products, and software (“Products”) in any way, including to (i) purchase Products, (ii) apply for available financing options to be used to purchase Products, or (iii) contact Best Buy for customer support, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”). You also accept the Terms when you create an account, make a purchase as a guest, or log in to any Best Buy Property. Additional or separate terms may apply to your interactions with other Best Buy websites, Best Buy or Geek Squad® locations, and to your use of individual services or features available on a Best Buy Property, such as reviews. To the extent that the provisions of any additional terms conflict with these Terms, the provisions of the additional terms will govern. References to “Best Buy”, “Geek Squad”, “Magnolia”, “Magnolia Home Theater”, “Magnolia Design Center”, “Premium”, “Premium Home Theater”, “Premium Design Center”, “Premium Audio & Video”, “Pacific Sales”, “our”, “we”, or “us” may refer to Best Buy Co., Inc., BestBuy.com, LLC, Best Buy Stores, L.P., BBY Solutions, Inc., Best Buy Enterprise Services, Inc., Magnolia Hi-Fi, LLC, Pacific Sales Kitchen and Bath Centers, LLC, and their affiliates, subsidiaries, and designees. We may make changes to any Best Buy Property and the Terms at any time and without notice to you. It is your responsibility to review the Terms for updates or changes. If any provision of or change to these Terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any other changes or conditions. If you do not agree with the Terms, you should not use the Best Buy Properties.

THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER THAT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION BELOW.

Privacy
Your use of the Best Buy Properties is subject to our Privacy Policy. Please review the policy for more on how we collect and use information.
See DisclosureInformation on the Best Buy Properties
We try to be as accurate as possible with the information we present on the Best Buy Properties. We will make reasonable efforts to accurately display or communicate the attributes of the Products we sell. The information displayed on the Best Buy Properties, or shared with you as part of your interactions with the Best Buy Properties, such as through the use of chat, may be created or provided to you by artificial intelligence software (“AI”). AI used on or in connection with the Best Buy Properties to provide you with ideas, inspiration, summary information, or other contextual information, including those in response to topics or questions you input, is provided solely for your convenience and may not always be accurate. We do not warrant that Product descriptions or other content, whether generated by AI or not, is accurate, complete, or error free. Any use of AI or other technologies on or in connection with the Best Buy Properties, including chat-based or conversation-based technologies, regarding any of our terms and conditions (including these Terms), policies, or practices is provided solely for your convenience, and any deviation, contradiction, additional, or different term provided shall be void and non-binding and instead the applicable terms and conditions, policy, or practice shall control. Prices and promotions are subject to change and may vary from those offered in our stores. We cannot confirm the availability or price of an item until you place your order. Despite our best efforts, sometimes an item in our catalog may not be available, the offer may have been misstated, or an item may be mispriced. For any of these reasons, we may cancel your order or we may contact you for instructions on the order.
Paying for your order
Generally, we’ll charge your payment method for an item when we ship the item to you or confirm its availability in store. For digital items, we’ll charge your payment method when you initiate the download of the item or when the item is placed in your account and available for use. For special-delivery items, we’ll charge your payment method when you confirm a delivery time. However, we will preauthorize your order amount (including for pre-orders) with your payment method at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your available credit line. If a preauthorization of a pre-order expires before fulfillment, the preauthorization will be reversed and another preauthorization will be made closer to the confirmed availability date.
Order confirmation
Our order confirmation to you does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. At any time after receipt of your order, we may accept, decline, or place quantity or other limits on your order for any reason. We may impose these limits on a per-person, per-household, per-order, or any other basis. If we reject, limit, or otherwise modify your order, we will attempt to notify you using the email address you provide to us. If we cancel all or part of an order that we’ve already charged you for, we’ll refund you the full amount of the canceled portion of the order.
My Best Buy® Program
When you create an account on a Best Buy Property, we will automatically enroll you in the My Best Buy program. The My Best Buy program is a free program through which you may receive membership benefits. If you are also a My Best Buy Credit Cardmember you will also be eligible to earn points toward reward certificates, which are coupons for discounts on future purchases at Best Buy. See My Best Buy Program Terms.
Proprietary rights
All content included on or comprising the Best Buy Properties, including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other material (collectively “Content”) is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights, and these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or developed in the future. All Content is protected as a collective work under U.S. and international copyright laws, and Best Buy owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such laws, the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of all Content. You may not remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice contained in any Content you use, and you may not modify or alter the Content, copy or post the Content on any network computer, or broadcast the Content in any media. You may not copy, scrape, frame, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. The Best Buy and Geek Squad logos and other trademarks on the Best Buy Properties are the property of their respective owners and are owned by, licensed to, or, where required, used with permission by Best Buy and may not be reproduced, copied, or manipulated in any manner without the express, written approval of the trademark owner.
User generated content: reviews, comments, communications and other content
You may interact with the Best Buy Properties in numerous ways, including Reviews and Ratings, videos, Questions and Answers, Community Forums, testimonials, and email communication. You hereby grant Best Buy a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, adapt, translate, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, delete, create derivative works from, and distribute any information (except order information sent via email or phone) or materials you share with us throughout the world in any media, including when you allow Best Buy to feature text, images and videos shared through social media (e.g., Facebook™, X, Instagram™, Pinterest™) or submitted through our Reviews and Ratings. You also grant us the right to use the name and social media handle that you use when you share content with us in connection with that content. For this reason, do not send us any content that you do not wish to license to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the licenses granted in this section, including but not limited to permission from or on behalf of any individuals that appear in the information to use, and grant to third parties such as Best Buy the right to use, their name, image, voice and/or likeness without compensation to you or any other person or entity. You further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding information that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. When you share content to us, you will disclose any affiliation you have and you will not share anything that contains harmful computer code, references other websites, or is false, misleading, illegal, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racist, biased, threatening, or harassing.
Notification of copyright infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
If you believe that your copyrighted material may have been infringed, please provide the Best Buy Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, your email address
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed
The Best Buy designated agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement can be reached by:

Mail:
DMCA Agent
BBY Solutions, Inc.
B6-Legal Dept.
7601 Penn Ave. S
Richfield, MN 55423

Email:
dmca.agent@bestbuy.com*

*For support related to your account, memberships, orders and purchases, product repairs, and other matters, please Contact Us via one of these channels. 

Phone:
612-291-1000

Fax:
612-292-2323

For additional information regarding this procedure, please reference 17 U.S.C. § 512.

Disclaimers and limitation of liability
BEST BUY PROVIDES THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND OTHER MATERIAL MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT ANY BEST BUY PROPERTY WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT IT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE.

ANY WARRANTY ON ANY PRODUCT SOLD THROUGH A BEST BUY PROPERTY IS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OF THAT PRODUCT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BEST BUY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO YOUR USE OF ANY BEST BUY PROPERTY, ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH A BEST BUY PROPERTY, OR FOR ANY INACCURATE INFORMATION GENERATED BY AI AND DISPLAYED ON THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES OR SHARED WITH YOU AS PART OF YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL NOT LIMIT OR EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE CAUSED BY PRODUCTS YOU PURCHASE THROUGH A BEST BUY PROPERTY OR BEST BUY GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INTENTIONAL, WILLFUL, RECKLESS OR MALICIOUS MISCONDUCT, OR FRAUD.

Links to third-party websites
The Best Buy Properties contain links to other sites operated by third parties (“Third-Party Site(s)”). These links are available for your convenience and are intended only to enable access to these Third-Party Sites and for no other purpose. Best Buy does not warrant or make any representation about the substance, quality, functionality, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability or any other representation about any Third-Party Site or its content, products, or services. A link to a Third-Party Site on a Best Buy Property does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for any Third-Party Site. The conditions of use and privacy policy of any Third-Party Site may differ substantially from these Terms. Please review the conditions of use for all Third-Party Sites for more information about the terms and conditions that apply to your use of Third-Party Sites.
Export
Certain software or other materials (“Software”) that you may obtain through the Best Buy Properties may be further subject to export controls. You will comply with all applicable export and re-export restrictions, laws, and regulations, and you will not transfer, or encourage, assist, or authorize the transfer of any Software to a prohibited country or otherwise in violation of any restriction, law, or regulation.
Security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer or device. You agree to not share your account credentials with others. You may use the Best Buy Properties only for lawful purposes. Activities including, but not limited to, tampering with any Best Buy Property, misrepresenting the identity of a user, and using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities, on the Best Buy Properties are prohibited.

You may not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Best Buy Properties, including by, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging on to a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) using any Best Buy Property for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of any Best Buy Property; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation via means of submitting a virus to any Best Buy Property, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing”; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting; or (f) forging communications on behalf of Best Buy (impersonating Best Buy) or to any Best Buy Property (impersonating as a legitimate user). You may not send unsolicited or unauthorized email on behalf of Best Buy, including promotions and/or advertising of Products. We may prosecute you to the full extent of the law for any violation of these Terms. You may not use any device, software or routine or data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of any Best Buy Property or any activity being conducted on any Best Buy Property. You may not use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, data or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search any Best Buy Property other than the search engine and search agents we provide and generally publicly available browsers.

Dispute resolution by binding individual arbitration
ANY DISPUTE INVOLVING YOU AND BEST BUY OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS:

ANY DISPUTE FALLING WITHIN THE JURISDICTIONAL SCOPE AND AMOUNT OF AN APPROPRIATE SMALL CLAIMS COURT MUST BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; AND
ANY DISPUTE TO SEEK TO ENJOIN INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER MISUSE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION.
“Dispute” shall be interpreted broadly and cover any claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way whatsoever to your relationship or interaction with Best Buy, its agents, and its present and future subsidiaries, affiliates, and designees – including, but not limited to, GreatCall, Lively™, Geek Squad®, Magnolia®, and Pacific Sales® – whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory. Examples of relationships or interactions giving rise to a covered claim include, without limitation: (1) your use of Best Buy’s websites; (2) your membership in any Best Buy loyalty or rewards program (e.g., My Best Buy®) or subscription-based services (e.g., My Best Buy Plus™ or My Best Buy Total™); (3) your receipt of delivery, repair or installation services or consultation services provided by Best Buy or its agents; (4) any communications between you and Best Buy; (5) application for financing; and/or (6) your purchase of Products offered, sold, or distributed by Best Buy including, but not limited to, any Dispute arising from the advertising of, or the sales practices related to, such Products. If you are a My Best Buy® member, Dispute shall also include all disputes that arose before your enrollment in, and after the cancellation or termination of, the My Best Buy® program, including any claims that are the subject of a purported class action litigation.

BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO MAINTAIN OTHER AVAILABLE RESOLUTION PROCESSES, SUCH AS A COURT ACTION OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING, TO SETTLE DISPUTES. THE RULES IN ARBITRATION ARE DIFFERENT. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, LESS DISCOVERY, AND LIMITED APPELLATE REVIEW. ARBITRATORS CAN AWARD THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF THAT A COURT CAN AWARD.

Before either Party may initiate an arbitration proceeding, you and Best Buy agree to engage in a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally for 60 days, unless that time is extended by agreement.  If you intend to initiate an arbitration proceeding, you must first send a fully completed notice of your Dispute (the “Notice”) to Best Buy. The Notice must include your name and contact information (address, telephone number, and email address) and information sufficient to enable Best Buy to identify any transaction at issue.  The Notice must also include a detailed description of (1) your Dispute; (2) the specific facts supporting your claim(s); (3) the nature and basis of the damages you claim to have suffered; and (4) a calculation and explanation of the relief sought.  Your Notice shall be personally signed by you and sent to Best Buy at CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603 or by email at Arbitration@BestBuy.com.  If Best Buy intends to initiate an arbitration proceeding, it will send a Notice to you at the contact information we have on file.  If requested by Best Buy as part of this mandatory informal dispute resolution process, you agree to personally participate (along with your counsel, if you are represented) in a telephone conference to discuss the potential resolution of the Dispute between you and Best Buy.  If the Dispute is not resolved within 60 days after receipt of the Notice (or the longer period agreed to by the Parties), you or Best Buy may proceed with individual arbitration (this informal process is a condition precedent to doing so.).  If the sufficiency of a Notice or compliance with this mandatory informal dispute resolution process is at issue, it may be decided by a court at either Party’s election, and any formal dispute resolution proceeding shall be stayed pending resolution of the issue.  A court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the Parties engage in this informal process.

If the Parties are not able to resolve the Dispute through the mandatory informal dispute resolution process referenced above, either Party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by sending a demand to the American Arbitration Association (AAA) that describes the nature and basis for the claim and includes all of the information required in the Notice.  The Party initiating arbitration must include as part of the demand a personally signed certification of compliance with the informal dispute resolution process.  You may serve a copy of a demand on our registered agent CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603. The arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s applicable Consumer Arbitration Rules or Commercial Arbitration Rules (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), as appropriate, and as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and the form for filing an arbitration claim are available at www.adr.org. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution section, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the Parties that will administer the arbitration consistent with it.  If the Parties cannot agree on a provider, one shall be selected by a court that will administer the arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution section.

Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s Rules; however, Best Buy will consider reimbursing the consumer portion of the AAA fees upon a showing of financial hardship.

The Parties shall be responsible for their own attorney’s fees and costs in arbitration, unless they are authorized by law or the arbitrator determines that a claim or proceeding was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or in bad faith (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). The arbitrator shall apply the provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of the award. 

You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, virtually, based on written submissions, or at an in person hearing in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed upon location.  Best Buy reserves the right to request a hearing from the arbitrator.  You agree to personally appear at any in person hearing (along with your counsel if you are represented).   

YOU AND BEST BUY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS MEANS THAT YOU MAY NOT PURPORT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A CLASS OR ANY OTHER PERSON. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. The arbitrator may not award relief for or against anyone who is not a party to the arbitration proceeding. Further, unless both you and Best Buy agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If a court determines that a claim for public injunctive relief may not be waived and all appeals from that decision have been exhausted, then the Parties agree that any claim for public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending arbitration of the remaining claims. If this specific paragraph is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this dispute resolution provision (except for the jury trial waiver) shall be null and void.

This paragraph sets forth additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations.  If twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Best Buy by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated, you understand and agree that these additional procedures apply and that the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed.  Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Best Buy shall each select fifteen (15) cases (per side) to proceed first in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process.  Each of these thirty (30) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator.  The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of this bellwether process. If the Parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases after the conclusion of the initial thirty (30) proceedings after conferring in good faith, each side shall select another fifteen (15) cases (per side) to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a second bellwether process. Each of these thirty (30) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator.  The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. A single arbitrator shall preside over each case. Only one case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the Parties agree otherwise. Identical sets of arbitrators shall not be assigned to sets of bellwether proceedings.  This staged process shall continue with thirty (30) cases in each set of bellwether proceedings, consistent with the parameters identified above, including that the remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed, until all the claims included in these coordinated filings, including your case, are adjudicated, settled, or otherwise resolved. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to these additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations from the time of the first cases are selected for a bellwether process until the time your case is selected for a bellwether process, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved.  You and Best Buy agree to engage in this process in good faith. A court shall have the authority to enforce this paragraph and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing or prosecution of arbitration demands against Best Buy.

If for any reason a claim may proceed in court rather than in arbitration, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, UNLESS SUCH WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE. THIS MEANS THAT ANY CLAIM WOULD BE DECIDED BY A JUDGE, NOT A JURY.

This dispute resolution provision shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. It shall survive any termination or cancellation of, or your participation in, any membership programs or subscription services and your relationship with Best Buy. Any amendments to this dispute resolution provision shall not affect any then active or pending arbitration proceeding.

Applicable law
THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT AND APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW (OR IN THE ABSENCE OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW, THEN THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA), WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS, WILL GOVERN THESE TERMS AND APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES AGAINST BEST BUY.
Additional policies
The following policies also govern your use of the Best Buy Properties and are incorporated by reference into the Terms:

Price Match Guarantee
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping
Scheduled Delivery
Appliance Delivery
Services, Plans & Subscriptions
Special Offers & Digital Coupons
Termination of use
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the Best Buy Properties at any time. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. We may change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of any Best Buy Property at any time without prior notice.
Use of the Best Buy Properties
You may use the Best Buy Properties for your personal, noncommercial use only. You may not use any Best Buy Property if you are under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may use the Best Buy Properties only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
--
erms and Conditions
Best Buy Top Deals Terms
Prices and offers represent BestBuy.com pricing, are subject to change. Product quantities are limited. Rainchecks are not available. In-store pricing may vary.

We reserve the right to limit purchase quantities (no dealers) and to fix Top Deals errors. "Was" price reflects the nationwide online price. Savings offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and, unless otherwise noted, exclude special order, clearance, open-box, refurbished, and pre-owned items. Best Buy® Gift Cards have no expiration date or fees and are good toward future purchase. Online orders may receive a digital e-gift card on free gift card with purchase offers. Products included in bundle/package/free-with-purchase offers must be purchased in the same transaction to receive the benefit. Offers may include instant savings on individual items. For buy one, get one offers, discounted or free item(s) must be of equal or lesser value. Formatted capacity on products with storage may vary from the size listed. Product release dates are subject to change. Color selection may vary, and additional colors may be available. Phones, service, and coverage (including 5G) not available in all markets. For licensing info see Best Buy.com/License. All purchases subject to our return policy at BestBuy.com/Returns. For Best Buy Price Match Guarantee details, please visit BestBuy.com/PMG for full policy details.

Learn about Top Deals
Shop Best Buy Top Deals
Get the latest deals on TVs, computers, appliances, entertainment, and many other consumer electronics you've had your eye on by shopping Best Buy online. Shop Top Deals by product type, rating, or brand to find exactly what you're looking for. With quick connections to product specifications and ordering options, you can easily compare prices, features, and compatibility from your computer or smartphone. Best Buy's Price Match Guarantee ensures that you are getting a great price on your purchase.

Whether you're looking for a new gadget to make your life a little easier or a new appliance or smart device to use at home, you can rely on Best Buy Top Deals to provide incredible deals every time you visit us online. You can even check out our Trending Now section, which features the products people are checking out most often or which deals provide the best value.

Shop online and pick up in store
Find a deal that you simply can't miss out on? Best Buy Top Deals makes it easy to order your products online right away. To make it even easier, you can choose to have your order shipped to your home or office, or you can pick up your order from a store near you. Don't forget to pick up the cables, connectors, or accessories to get your new purchase up and running smoothly. Not sure what you need? Geek Squad® services can help.
Sign up for Deal of the Day
We know that great deals are hard to pass up, especially when they help to streamline your busy life. Visit Best Buy Top Deals to see the latest collection of featured offers from the brands you know and trust. You can also receive information on our Deal of the Day finds by signing up with your current email address.
--
Best Buy Text Message Terms & Conditions
By “Opting In” to or using a Best Buy “Text Message Service” (both terms defined below), you accept these Terms & Conditions.

THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER THAT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION BELOW.

Opting In.
By Opting In to a Text Message Service:

You authorize Best Buy to use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send text messages to the cell phone number associated with your Opt-In (i.e., the number listed on the Opt-In form or instructions, or, if none, the number from which you send the Opt-In, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your Opt-In). You also authorize Best Buy to include marketing content in any such messages. You do not have to Opt In or agree to Opt In as a condition of purchase.
You are signing your Opt-In to the Text Message Service
You confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to Opt In
You consent to the use of an electronic record to document your Opt-In. To withdraw that consent, request a free paper or email copy of the Opt-In, or to update our records with your contact information, please call 1-888-237-8289. To view and retain an electronic copy of these Terms & Conditions or the rest of your Opt-In, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or cell phone) with internet access, and (ii) either a printer or storage space on such device. For an email copy, you’ll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails. These Terms & Conditions still will apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the Text Message Service.

After Opting In, in addition to the main messages the service offers, you may receive one or more welcome messages or administrative messages, such as (in some cases) a request to confirm your Opt-In.


About the Text Message Services and Opting Out.
Message and data rates may apply. Unless otherwise noted, Text Message Services send multiple, recurring messages. Best Buy may terminate any Text Message Service or your participation in it at any time with or without notice, including, for example, before you have received any or all messages that you otherwise would have received, but these Terms & Conditions still will apply. For services operated through 332211, you can get help by texting HELP to 332211, and you can opt out by texting STOP to 332211. For services operated through 22891, you can get help by texting HELP to 22891, and you can opt out by texting STOP to 22891. For services operated through 68803, you can get help by texting HELP to 68803, and you can opt out by texting STOP to 68803. For Text Message Services operated through a different number, text HELP to that number for help and STOP to that number to opt out. Your opt-out request may generate either a confirmation text or a texted request to clarify the Text Message Service to which it applies (if you have more than one). To complete your opt-out, please provide the requested clarification.

You consent to the handling of your information as described in the Best Buy Privacy Policy. To contact Best Buy customer service, call 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289). You must be 18 years of age or older (except Alabama and Nebraska, where you must be 19 years of age or older).

Dispute resolution by binding individual arbitration.
ANY DISPUTE INVOLVING YOU AND BEST BUY OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS:

ANY DISPUTE FALLING WITHIN THE JURISDICTIONAL SCOPE AND AMOUNT OF AN APPROPRIATE SMALL CLAIMS COURT MUST BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; AND
ANY DISPUTE TO SEEK TO ENJOIN INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER MISUSE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION.
“Dispute” shall be interpreted broadly and cover any claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way whatsoever to your relationship or interaction with Best Buy, its agents, and its present and future subsidiaries, affiliates, and designees – including, but not limited to, GreatCall, Lively™, Geek Squad®, Magnolia®, and Pacific Sales® – whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory. Examples of relationships or interactions giving rise to a covered claim include, without limitation: (1) your use of Best Buy’s websites; (2) your membership in any Best Buy loyalty or rewards program (e.g., My Best Buy®) or subscription-based services (e.g., Best Buy Totaltech™); (3) your receipt of delivery, repair or installation services or consultation services provided by Best Buy or its agents; (4) any communications between you and Best Buy; (5) application for financing; and/or (6) your purchase of products or services offered, sold, or distributed by Best Buy including, but not limited to, any Dispute arising from the advertising of, or the sales practices related to, such products and services. If you are a My Best Buy® member, Dispute shall also include all disputes that arose before your enrollment in, and after the cancellation or termination of, the My Best Buy® program, including any claims that are the subject of a purported class action litigation.

BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO MAINTAIN OTHER AVAILABLE RESOLUTION PROCESSES, SUCH AS A COURT ACTION OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING, TO SETTLE DISPUTES. THE RULES IN ARBITRATION ARE DIFFERENT. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, LESS DISCOVERY, AND LIMITED APPELLATE REVIEW. ARBITRATORS CAN AWARD THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF THAT A COURT CAN AWARD.

Before either Party may initiate an arbitration proceeding, you and Best Buy agree to engage in a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally for 60 days, unless that time is extended by agreement. If you intend to initiate an arbitration proceeding, you must first send a fully completed notice of your Dispute (the “Notice”) to Best Buy. The Notice must include your name and contact information (address, telephone number, and email address) and information sufficient to enable Best Buy to identify any transaction at issue. The Notice must also include a detailed description of (1) your Dispute; (2) the specific facts supporting your claim(s); (3) the nature and basis of the damages you claim to have suffered; and (4) a calculation and explanation of the relief sought. Your Notice shall be personally signed by you and sent to Best Buy at CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603 or by email at Arbitration@BestBuy.com. If Best Buy intends to initiate an arbitration proceeding, it will send a Notice to you at the contact information we have on file. If requested by Best Buy as part of this mandatory informal dispute resolution process, you agree to personally participate (along with your counsel, if you are represented) in a telephone conference to discuss the potential resolution of the Dispute between you and Best Buy. If the Dispute is not resolved within 60 days after receipt of the Notice (or the longer period agreed to by the Parties), you or Best Buy may proceed with individual arbitration (this informal process is a condition precedent to doing so). If the sufficiency of a Notice or compliance with this mandatory informal dispute resolution process is at issue, it may be decided by a court at either Party’s election, and any formal dispute resolution proceeding shall be stayed pending resolution of the issue. A court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the Parties engage in this informal process.

If the Parties are not able to resolve the Dispute through the mandatory informal dispute resolution process referenced above, either Party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by sending a demand to the American Arbitration Association (AAA) that describes the nature and basis for the claim and includes all of the information required in the Notice. The Party initiating arbitration must include as part of the demand a personally signed certification of compliance with the informal dispute resolution process. You may serve a copy of a demand on our registered agent CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603. The arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s applicable Consumer Arbitration Rules or Commercial Arbitration Rules (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), as appropriate, and as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and the form for filing an arbitration claim are available at www.adr.org. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution section, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the Parties that will administer the arbitration consistent with it. If the Parties cannot agree on a provider, one shall be selected by a court that will administer the arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution section.

Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s Rules; however, Best Buy will consider reimbursing the consumer portion of the AAA fees upon a showing of financial hardship.

The Parties shall be responsible for their own attorney’s fees and costs in arbitration, unless they are authorized by law or the arbitrator determines that a claim or proceeding was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or in bad faith (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). The arbitrator shall apply the provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of the award. 

You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, virtually, based on written submissions, or at an in person hearing in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed upon location. Best Buy reserves the right to request a hearing from the arbitrator. You agree to personally appear at any in person hearing (along with your counsel if you are represented).  

YOU AND BEST BUY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS MEANS THAT YOU MAY NOT PURPORT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A CLASS OR ANY OTHER PERSON. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. The arbitrator may not award relief for or against anyone who is not a party to the arbitration proceeding. Further, unless both you and Best Buy agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If a court determines that a claim for public injunctive relief may not be waived and all appeals from that decision have been exhausted, then the Parties agree that any claim for public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending arbitration of the remaining claims. If this specific paragraph is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this dispute resolution provision (except for the jury trial waiver) shall be null and void.

This paragraph sets forth additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations. If twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Best Buy by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated, you understand and agree that these additional procedures apply and that the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed. Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Best Buy shall each select fifteen (15) cases (per side) to proceed first in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. Each of these thirty (30) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator. The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of this bellwether process. If the Parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases after the conclusion of the initial thirty (30) proceedings after conferring in good faith, each side shall select another fifteen (15) cases (per side) to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a second bellwether process. Each of these thirty (30) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator. The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. A single arbitrator shall preside over each case. Only one case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the Parties agree otherwise. Identical sets of arbitrators shall not be assigned to sets of bellwether proceedings. This staged process shall continue with thirty (30) cases in each set of bellwether proceedings, consistent with the parameters identified above, including that the remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed, until all the claims included in these coordinated filings, including your case, are adjudicated, settled, or otherwise resolved. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to these additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations from the time of the first cases are selected for a bellwether process until the time your case is selected for a bellwether process, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved. You and Best Buy agree to engage in this process in good faith. A court shall have the authority to enforce this paragraph and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing or prosecution of arbitration demands against Best Buy.

If for any reason a claim may proceed in court rather than in arbitration, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, UNLESS SUCH WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE. THIS MEANS THAT ANY CLAIM WOULD BE DECIDED BY A JUDGE, NOT A JURY.

This dispute resolution provision shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. It shall survive any termination or cancellation of, or your participation in, any membership programs or subscription services and your relationship with Best Buy. Any amendments to this dispute resolution provision shall not affect any then active or pending arbitration proceeding.

Applicable law.
THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT AND APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW (OR IN THE ABSENCE OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW, THEN THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA), WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS, WILL GOVERN THESE TERMS AND APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES AGAINST BEST BUY.
Mobile carriers.
The 332211 short code, the 22891 short code, and the 68803 short code we use for some Text Message Services is supported on all U.S. carriers. Please note, however, that the supporting mobile carriers may change without notice, and the particular Text Message Service you join, including those operated through a different number, may be limited to specific carriers. Best Buy and the mobile carriers (for example, T-Mobile) are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Definitions.
“Text Message Service” includes any arrangement or situation in which Best Buy sends (or indicates that it may send, or receives a request that it send) one or more text messages
“Opting In,” “Opt In” and “Opt-In” refer to requesting, joining, agreeing to, enrolling in, signing up for, acknowledging, or otherwise consenting to receive one or more text messages
“Best Buy” means Best Buy Stores, L.P. and its affiliates and subsidiaries
--
Best Buy Terms and Conditions for Publishers
Best Buy Terms and Conditions for Publishers

These Best Buy Terms and Conditions for Publishers (collectively referred to as the "Agreement") are by and between you and BestBuy.com LLC and apply to your participation in the Program as administered through Best Buy's third-party provider, Impact Tech, Inc. ("Impact"). This Agreement is effective as of the date Best Buy accepts your application into the Program and sets forth the terms and conditions governing the establishment of Links from your Properties to certain Best Buy Authorized Properties as further described below.

THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT. BY COMPLETING AND SUBMITTING THE ONLINE APPLICATION, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.

1. Definitions.

"Best Buy Developer Content" means the file of data (including but not limited to a copy of Best Buy's product catalog, certain copy, images, brand features, and other features) that Best Buy provides to you (which is taken from and is also available through Best Buy's Developer platform, as modified from time to time) for the purpose of making the data available to you in connection with the Program subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

"Best Buy API Terms of Service" are the Best Buy API Terms of Service.

 

"Best Buy", "we", "us", or "our" means BestBuy.com LLC or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and entities owned or under common control, as applicable.

"Best Buy Authorized Properties" means the Best Buy Properties that Best Buy in its sole discretion determines to be eligible for the Program as communicated to you through Impact.

"Best Buy Offers" means Best Buy offers, deals, coupons and promotions that Best Buy has expressly authorized you to promote on your Properties and that Best Buy has provided to you.

"Best Buy Properties", a "Best Buy Property", or "our Properties" means Best Buy's connected properties, including mobile websites and applications. Such properties may include but are not limited to, www.BestBuy.com, support.geeksquad.com, BestBuy.partsearch.com, and any other additional, successor, or replacement Best Buy properties agreed upon by Best Buy in writing.

"Customers" are persons or entities (other than Publisher or the Publisher's agent) that are not robots, automated programming, or similar technology that enables clicks through certain links.

"Deductions" are the amounts we deduct from Monthly Net Sales. This includes, but is not limited to, the amounts we collect for sales, use, excise, or similar taxes; duties; shipping, handling, and similar charges; amounts due to credit card fraud and bad debt; credits for canceled orders, refunds, and returned goods.

"Eligible Product(s)" means the list of Best Buy products that Best Buy has approved for commission payments under this Agreement, which you may obtain through the Impact Publisher Dashboard.

“FTC Guidelines” means administrative interpretations of laws administered by the Federal Trade Commission including Federal Trade Commission guides and disclosures.

"Information" means Best Buy Program customer information and Program business and sales information related to us, you, or our suppliers, including, without limitation, information relating to sale pricing, promotions, and weekly specials.

“Insertion Order” means the documented agreement and instructions between Publisher and Best Buy for Media Buys, including start and end dates, Media Fees, payment schedules and reporting. An Insertion Order may be documented within the Impact system or in a separate written agreement between Best Buy and Publisher referencing this Agreement.

"Licensed Materials" means the Best Buy trademark and logo and similar identifying material relating to us, but only in the forms that we provide to you.

"Links" or "Link" means the graphic and textual links that Best Buy makes available to you.

“Media Buys” means any type of banner, buy button, video, Social Community post or similar media containing a Qualifying Link.

“Media Fee” means the amount of money to be spent for Media Buys payable to Publisher for and the cost basis for such fees (e.g. cost per lead, cost per acquisition, cost per click, cost per impression).

"Monthly Net Sales" means for each calendar month during the term of this Agreement, the aggregate amount actually paid by Customers to Best Buy for Qualifying Purchases, less Deductions.

"Product Category" or "Product Categories" means the applicable product category for each Eligible Product as set forth in the Impact Publisher Dashboard. Best Buy may determine in its sole discretion which Product Category is applicable to the Eligible Products.

"Program" or "the Program" means Best Buy's affiliate marketing program.

"Publisher", "you" or "your" means the person or entity that is enrolled in and accepted by Best Buy as a participant in the Program and bound by the terms of this Agreement.

"Publisher Properties" or "your Properties" means your website or other presence (including, without limitation, mobile applications, email marketing, forums, apps, social media sites video, and software) owned, operated, used, or distributed by and preapproved by Best Buy to link to one or more Best Buy Authorized Properties.

"Qualifying Link" means an Internet connection between any of your Properties and a Best Buy Authorized Property that is provided or authorized by Best Buy to be displayed, distributed or placed by you pursuant to this Agreement in a manner that drives completion of Qualifying Purchases or that is associated with a Media Buy.

"Qualifying Purchase" means a completed sale of an Eligible Product to a Customer through a Qualifying Link on a Publisher Property in accordance with the criteria specified in Section 5 of this Agreement.

"Reconciliation Period" means, in the case of termination of this Agreement, the ninety (90) day period following the end of the calendar month in which the Agreement was terminated.

"Return Days" means the permitted latency period for purposes of defining a Session, which is set forth in the Impact Publisher Dashboard.

"Session" means the time period that begins when a Customer clicks a Qualifying Link and continues until the earlier of: 1) the time that the Customer, after having exited a Best Buy Property, returns to a Best Buy Property using a Qualifying Link other than the original Qualifying Link or a Link from a third-party publisher's website or property that is not your Qualifying Link; 2) the permitted latency period (Return Days) has expired or lapsed; or 3) the expiration or termination of your participation in the Program.

"Social Communities" means social media or social networking tools, including but not limited to Facebook and Twitter.

"Term" means the term of this Agreement which will begin upon our acceptance of your Program application and will end when terminated by either party as permitted hereunder.

2. Promotion of Affiliation
a. We will make available to you, as a Publisher in the Program, a variety of Links and Licensed Materials which, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may display as often and in as many areas on your Properties as you desire. The Links and Licensed Materials will serve to identify one or more of your Properties as a member of our Program and will establish a link from your Properties to certain Best Buy Properties.

b. In utilizing the Links and Licensed Materials, you will cooperate fully with us in order to establish and maintain the Links and Licensed Materials. You will not alter Links (or their content) or Licensed Materials in any way unless we provide this option through Impact. You will display in your Properties only those graphic or textual images (indicating a Link) and Licensed Materials that are provided by us, and you will immediately substitute such images with any new images that we provide from time to time throughout the term of this Agreement. Each Link connecting your Properties to the pertinent area of our Properties will in no way alter the look, feel or functionality of our Properties.

c. You will comply with our requirements for removing Links and Licensed Materials on a timely basis. Any Links or Licensed Materials that promote deals or prices with an expiration date or that are time sensitive must be removed from your Properties upon expiration of the promotion or time period. We are not required to pay you any commission for sales made via a Link referencing an expired promotion or other deal. Failure to remove expired Links or Licensed Materials may lead to your termination as a Publisher in our sole discretion.

d. You may promote only those Best Buy Offers that Best Buy has made available to you through Impact or an Insertion Order. You may not promote any other Best Buy offers (e.g., offers in Best Buy emails, other publishers' offers, or those in other partner communications) unless you first obtain written permission from Best Buy.

e. You may not promote Best Buy Offers of any kind on any Social Communities regardless of whether such Social Communities are created by you, by us, or a third party, without first obtaining an Insertion Order or other written permission from Best Buy.

f. You may not act as or present yourself as a reseller of any product sold or otherwise acquired from Best Buy, and you may not publicize Links on third-party or reseller sites unless you have the necessary license, right, or permission to do so from such site and you have also obtained our express written preapproval. If Best Buy suspects any order was made with the intent to resell, we may determine it is not a Qualified Purchase under Section 5.d.

g. You will not post any promotional offers, advertised prices or any other information generated by or relating to Best Buy (regardless of origination of such information) for posting on Publisher Properties prior to the date and/or time identified by Best Buy as the start date/time for the posting of such information, or keep any such information posted on your Properties after the end date and/or time identified by Best Buy.

h. If you donate any portion of your commission to any school, foundation or other charitable organization you may not state or imply that Best Buy endorses such activities or is in any way responsible for the inclusion or donation of funds to any schools, foundations or charities associated with you.

i.  In compliance with the FTC Guidelines, you must clearly and conspicuously identify yourself as a Publisher on all pages and social media forms where a Link occurs. You shall include a clear and conspicuous disclosure within any and all pages, blog/posts, or  where Links for our Program are posted and where a reader or consumer may not understand that the link is a paid advertisement. You understand and agree that any messaging in contravention of the FTC Guidelines may result in your immediate termination and removal from the Program.

In addition, you must include a disclosure that complies with FTC Guidelines where (i) disclosures must be made as close as possible to the claims; (ii) disclosures must be made on each page containing a Link or reference to Best Buy; a single statement on your Properties, or a separate page with your general disclosure statement is not an adequate disclosure; (iii) disclosures should be placed above the fold; scrolling should not be necessary to find the disclosure; and (iv) posts on Social Communities must include appropriate hashtags. FTC Guidelines, including hashtags and disclaimer requirements are subject to change over time and it is your responsibility to review and comply with current guidelines as policies may change over time.

Please review the FTC's "Dot Com Disclosures" Guidelines at:
https://www.ftc.gov/os/2013/03/130312dotcomdisclosures.pdf ; the FTC’s “Disclosures for Social Media Influencers: Guidelines at https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/disclosures-101-social-media-influencers and the FTC's Endorsement Guidelines at https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/advertising-and-marketing/endorsements%2C-influencers%2C-and-reviews

j. Failure to abide by the terms set forth in this Section 2 will be a material breach of this Agreement, which may result in commission payment reductions as set forth in Section 5.e.

3. Publisher Identification
As a participating Publisher in the Program, you must display a graphic (which we will provide via Impact) indicating your relationship to Best Buy.
4. Our Responsibilities
We will provide the information necessary to allow you to make appropriate Links from your Properties to our Properties. We will be responsible for: (i) processing every order placed by a customer following a special Link from your Properties; (ii) tracking the volume and amount of sales generated by your Properties; and (iii) providing information to you regarding sales statistics via the Impact Publisher Dashboard at the location provided to you by Impact upon your acceptance as a Publisher in the Program. Our order processing obligations will include order entry, payment processing, shipping of products, performance of services, cancellations, returns and related customer service.
5. Commission Determination
a. You are only eligible to earn commissions on Qualifying Purchases occurring during the Term subject to the terms of this Agreement that are: (i) made via the intentional click by a Customer of a Qualifying Link that can be tracked and reported on through the use of Impact's tracking technology and/or methodology during an active Session; (ii) actually shipped by a Best Buy Property to a U.S. shipping address and billed to a U.S. billing address; or in the case of services, if included as an Eligible Product, are performed by Geek Squad in the U.S., and (iii) for which Best Buy has received full payment that is not subject to bad debt or other chargebacks. We will not owe you any commissions for orders that are canceled or returned, and we may deduct and exclude these returns and cancellations from commissions calculations on an ongoing basis, at least monthly.

b. Best Buy may in its sole discretion modify the list of Eligible Products, Product Categories (including associated commission percentage rates), and the number of permitted Return Days at any time. The changes will be effective as of the date they are posted within the Impact Publisher Dashboard.

c. Calculation Method. We do not guarantee a minimum or maximum monthly commission payment amount. We will calculate commission payment(s) based on (i) Monthly Net Sales; multiplied by (ii) the commission percentage rate for each applicable Product Category as set forth in the Impact Publisher Dashboard.

d. All determinations of Qualifying Purchases and whether a commission payment is payable will be made by Best Buy in consultation with Impact and will be final and binding.

e. In the event you fail to abide by the terms set forth in this Agreement governing the use of Best Buy Offers, Links and Licensed Materials (including but not limited to the posting of other Best Buy offers and certain information to the disadvantage of Best Buy on your Properties), we may reduce unpaid commissions otherwise payable under this section as follows:

(i) Best Buy is not required to pay any commissions on sales of any product or service where the sale was completed through an error or anomaly on a Best Buy Property related to any information posted on the website or property associated with the Qualifying Link.

(ii) Commissions otherwise payable to a Publisher for any month will be forfeited where information prohibited by this Agreement is posted to the website or property associated with the Qualifying Link, regardless of whether any Qualifying Purchases occurred, and we may, in our sole discretion, terminate your account immediately.

6. Commission and Media Fees Payments
Approximately sixty (60) days following the end of each calendar month, Impact will pay to you all commission payments owed by us to you in accordance with your Publisher Membership Agreement entered into between you and Impact. In the event Impact makes a payment to you that did not take into account all applicable Deductions or that was otherwise incorrect, we may offset the Deductions against any commission payments we owe you from the next monthly payment schedule. If no future monthly commission payment is due, you will pay to Best Buy any amounts you owe within thirty (30) days of receiving written notification thereof. We, or Impact on our behalf, may provide written notice.

Media Fees will be paid in accordance with the terms in the Insertion Order. If no payment schedule is stated in an Insertion order Media Fees will be paid within 60 days of Best Buy’s receipt of an undisputed invoice for Media Buys made in the previous calendar month.

7. Policies/Pricing/Product/Service Descriptions
Customers who buy products or services from a Best Buy Property through the Program will be deemed to be customers of Best Buy. Accordingly, all of our rules, policies, and operating procedures concerning customer orders, customer service, privacy, and Best Buy product and service sales will apply to those customers.

We may change our policies and operating procedures at any time. For example, we may determine the prices to be charged for products and services sold through a Best Buy Property under the Program in accordance with our own pricing policies. Prices and availability of products or services on a Best Buy Property may vary from time to time, and we do not guarantee the availability and price of any particular product or service. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT PLACE INDIVIDUAL PRODUCT OR SERVICE PRICING OR LOGOS, IMAGES, OR DESCRIPTIONS RELATED TO PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ON YOUR PROPERTIES WITHOUT OUR EXPRESS PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION.

8. Publicity
Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, you will not create, publish, distribute, or permit any written material that makes reference to Best Buy without first submitting such material to us and receiving our written consent.
9. License
a. WE GRANT YOU A NONEXCLUSIVE, NONTRANSFERABLE, REVOCABLE RIGHT DURING THE TERM TO (i) ACCESS ONE OR MORE OF OUR PROPERTIES THROUGH THE LINKS SOLELY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND (ii) SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH LINKS, TO USE THE BEST BUY DEVELOPER CONTENT AND THE APPLICABLE LICENSED MATERIALS, FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF LINKING ONE OR MORE OF YOUR PROPERTIES TO ONE OR MORE OF OUR PROPERTIES, WHERE YOUR USERS CAN PURCHASE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES FROM OUR PROPERTIES. YOU MAY NOT ALTER, MODIFY, OR CHANGE THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN ANY WAY. WE RESERVE ALL OF OUR RIGHTS IN THE LICENSED MATERIALS. YOU ACCEPT THESE RIGHTS AND LICENSES SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT.

b. We will instruct Impact to make certain Best Buy Developer Content, including all associated updates, available to you. You will comply with the BBY Open Terms as a condition of using any Best Buy Developer Content. The Best Buy API Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. In case of a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Best Buy API Terms of Service, the Best Buy API Terms of Service will prevail.

c. You acknowledge Best Buy's ownership in its Licensed Materials, agree that you will not do anything inconsistent with Best Buy's ownership and that all of your use of the Licensed Materials will inure to the benefit of and be on behalf of Best Buy, and agree to assist Best Buy in recording this Agreement with appropriate government authorities. You agree that nothing in this Agreement gives you any right, title or interest in the Licensed Materials other than the right to use the Licensed Materials in accordance with this Agreement. You also agree that you will not attack the title of Best Buy to the Licensed Materials or the validity of the Licensed Materials or this Agreement.

d. You agree that the nature and quality of all your Properties used by you in connection with this Agreement and all related advertising and promotions will conform to high standards of quality and will not impugn the goodwill of Best Buy or the Licensed Materials. You agree not to use the Licensed Materials in any manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays us in a negative light.

e. You will use the Licensed Materials only in the form and manner and with appropriate legends as provided from time to time by Best Buy, and will not use any other trademark or service mark in combination with the trademark or service mark or name of BEST BUY, including any Best Buy parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.

f. You will not use, register or seek to register any trademark, service mark or domain name that contains any words that may be confusingly similar to any Best Buy Property (for avoidance of doubt, including the properties of any Best Buy parent, subsidiaries, or affiliates), including, but not limited to, the words "BestBuy.com," "Best Buy," "bb.com," "bby.com," "best" and "buy", "geeksquad.com," "gs.com," "support.geeksquad.com," "Geek Squad," "Geek," and "Squad," or any variations or misspelling of them, or is any way confusingly similar to "Best Buy" or "Geek Squad." If you do, you will transfer the registrations, at your expense, to Best Buy, Geek Squad, or Best Buy's parents, subsidiaries or affiliates at the request of Best Buy, Geek Squad, or Best Buy's parents, subsidiaries or affiliates and to cooperate by providing any information, signing any documents, and providing appropriate authorizations necessary to accomplish the transfer.

g. You may use the Licensed Materials only to the extent that you are a Publisher in good standing of the Program. We may revoke your license at any time in our sole discretion, by terminating the relationship between you and Best Buy via the Impact Publisher Dashboard. If we give you such notice, you must immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Materials.

h. You will ensure you are using the most current and up-to-date version of Licensed Materials at all times. Except as used on your Properties under the terms of this Agreement, you will not otherwise save or store copies of Licensed Materials.

i. You grant to us a nonexclusive license, for the term of this Agreement, to utilize your names, titles, and logos, as the same may be amended from time to time to advertise, market, promote, and publicize in any manner our rights hereunder; provided, however, that we are not required to so advertise, market, promote, or publicize.

10. Obligations Regarding Your Properties
a. You are solely responsible for, and we have no liability for, the development, operation, or maintenance of your Properties, or for any materials contained on your Properties.

b. You agree that your Properties will not, in any way, copy or resemble the look and feel of our Site, nor will you create the impression that your Properties are our Properties or are a part of our Properties, nor will you frame any page on a Best Buy Property being viewed by a user of your Properties who links to the Best Buy Property through a Link.

c. You agree that your Properties do not currently contain and will not contain any content, or links to such material, that is in any way unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or violent as more fully set forth in Section 1 (Enrollment).

d. You also agree that your Properties will not contain any content from our Properties or any materials that are proprietary to Best Buy, except with our prior written permission, or to the extent that materials are obtained by you strictly in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. You agree not to purchase or otherwise contract with any third party to exploit any of the Best Buy marks for the purpose of causing your Properties to appear as a search result in any search engine or for any other reason.

e. You agree that your Properties will not use any form of mass email communication ("spam") as a marketing tool for any purpose related to this Agreement and that any other mass email generated by you or your Properties will conform in all respects with all applicable local, state and federal laws, regulations and rules, including the CAN-SPAM Act.

f. You must clearly state an online privacy policy on your Properties that accurately and adequately explains how you collect, use, store, and disclose data collected from visitors, including, where applicable, that third parties (including Best Buy and other advertisers) may serve content and advertisements, collect information directly from visitors, and place or recognize cookies on visitors' browsers.

g. You may not use any downloadable software to initiate tracking in connection with the Program; this includes, but is not limited to, toolbars, add-ons, and plug-ins. You may not redirect links to hide or manipulate their original source. You may not install spyware on another person's computer, cause spyware to be installed on another person's computer, or use a context-based triggering mechanism to display an advertisement that partially or wholly covers or obscures paid advertising or other content on a website in a way that interferes with a person's ability to view that website. You may not use software to overtake a referral through a paid search engine advertisement, regardless of whether or not the advertisement was related to another publisher in connection with the Program.

h. You may not scrape data from or spider any Best Buy Property without the prior written approval of Best Buy.

i. When promoting Best Buy via external paid search engines, which may include, but are not limited to, entities such as Google, Yahoo! and MSN, you will comply with the following: (i) you must not give the impression that you are, or represent, Best Buy, through use of phrases such as 'Official Site'; (ii) you must not bid on select trademarks and brand names designated by Best Buy, including but not limited to: "Best Buy™" and "BestBuy.com®"; (iii) you must not outbid Best Buy for top placement on select trademarks and trade names designated by Best Buy, including but not limited to: "Geek Squad," "Pacific Sales," "Magnolia" or "Magnolia Home Theater"; (iv) you must not target the brand names of any entities that are direct competitors of Best Buy, or otherwise engage in marketing practices that are illegal or violate the rights of any third party; and (v) you must ensure that all copy used for search and keyword purposes is appropriate and 100% accurate and does not contain any claims that could be construed to be false or misleading. In addition you agree to add "BestBuy.com," "Best Buy," "bb.com," "bby.com," "best" and "buy," "geeksquad.com," "gs.com," "support.geeksquad.com," "Geek Squad," "Geek," and "Squad," "Pacific Sales," "Magnolia" and "Magnolia Home Theater" as negative matches in your search campaigns and to avoid phrase matching. You agree that, following notice from Best Buy or Impact, you will promptly remove any search listing containing copy and/or creative components that Best Buy, in its sole discretion, deems inappropriate for any reason.

You agree that your Properties, and any other properties operated by you or related to your Properties, will not, and will not permit users to, post on such properties any information relating to a Best Buy Property that may be used by others to take advantage of errors or anomalies discovered on a Best Buy Property (e.g., pricing errors, shopping cart errors, discount calculations, workarounds to the requirements of any Best Buy offer, deals, coupons or promotion) to the disadvantage of Best Buy. In the event any such information is posted to your Properties or related properties, you agree to remove it (or if necessary, cause a third party to remove it) promptly upon becoming aware of such information and take steps to discourage your users from posting such information. In addition, you agree that you have an affirmative duty, as a Publisher of Best Buy, to inform Best Buy at BBY_Affiliate@bestbuy.com promptly upon discovering any errors or anomalies on a Best Buy Property. Failure to abide by these terms may lead to a loss of unpaid commissions from Best Buy to you, or termination, as provided in section 5.e. of this Agreement. Further, failure to honor the start and/or end date/time for posting promotional and pricing material as described in section 2.g. of this Agreement will be considered a failure subject to loss of commission payments or termination as set forth in section 5.e.

j. Promoting Best Buy through a sub-affiliate network is permitted; provided, however, that you (i) must be completely transparent with regards to where traffic from your sub-affiliates originated, and (ii) must ensure that all sub-affiliates promoting the Best Buy program adhere to and comply with the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement or as otherwise provided to you. This includes restrictions on advertising through toolbars, browser extensions, and through any paid placements such as a pay-per-click campaigns. You shall be fully responsible to the extent that any such sub-affiliate does not adhere to or comply with such terms and conditions. Sub-affiliate networks must also receive approval prior to allowing any type of coupon sub-affiliate to promote the Program. Sub-affiliate networks, content monetization platforms, or third party networks as classified by Best Buy shall not engage in any solicitation, recruitment, or other activities with prospective or current Best Buy affiliates by offering or exhibiting payout rates greater than those stated by Best Buy. 2. You must seek prior written approval from Best Buy before choosing to operate as a sub-affiliate network. Such requests must be made in writing and sent to BBY_Affiliate@bestbuy.com. You must provide to Best Buy list of all sub-affiliates working within your sub-affiliate network within twenty-four (24) hours of any request from Best Buy.

k. You will provide impression tracking of Best Buy Offers to us in a form and at frequencies specified by Best Buy.

11. Termination
a. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by using the Remove button within the Impact Publisher Dashboard.

b. Best Buy may direct Impact to terminate this Agreement immediately at any time for (i) your breach of this Agreement or of the Publisher Membership Agreement, or (ii) without cause for any reason by using the Remove button within the Impact Publisher Dashboard.

c. Upon termination for purposes of reconciling commission payments owed to you against Deductions and other amounts owed by you to Best Buy, if applicable, Best Buy may withhold commission payments during the Reconciliation Period. We will pay to you any final commission payments following the close of the Reconciliation Period.

12. Modification
We may modify any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement at any time in our sole discretion by providing you notice via Impact by offering new terms and conditions attached to a new Program Term. Modifications may include, but are not limited to, changes in the scope of available commissions and Program rules. If any modification is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate this Agreement. Your continued participation in the Program by accepting a new Program Term with updated terms and conditions will constitute binding acceptance of the change.
13. Relationship of Parties
You and Best Buy are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between the parties. You will have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on our behalf. You will not make any representations regarding the association of Impact with Best Buy or you.
14. Disclaimers
NEITHER BEST BUY NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM OR TO ANY BEST BUY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD BY A BEST BUY PROPERTY THROUGH THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, DEALING, OR TRADE USAGE). IN ADDITION, NEITHER BEST BUY NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION THAT THE OPERATION OF THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, AND NEITHER BEST BUY NOR ITS SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY INTERRUPTIONS OR ERRORS.
15. Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant to us that: (i) you have the right and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform your obligations under the Agreement; (ii) you are the sole and exclusive owner of the Publisher trademarks and have the right and power to grant to us the license to use your trademarks in the manner provided for in this Agreement; (iii) you are an adult of at least 18 years of age; (iv) you are not an employee or immediate family member of an employee of a Related Party as described in Section 1.b. above; and (v) if you are an employee or immediate member of an employee of a party described in Section 1.b. above that is NOT a Related Party, you have complied with any applicable rules or policies of such party concerning participation in the Program.
16. Confidentiality
You agree that all customer information related to the Best Buy Program belongs to us. You agree to protect as secret all Information, not to disclose Information to any third parties, and not to use Information for any purpose other than the purposes of this Agreement. You agree to protect Information using methods at least as protective as those you use to protect your own information of a confidential nature, but in no event, using less than a standard of reasonable care.

You will not publish or otherwise disclose or permit to be published or disclosed on your Properties or any affiliated properties by users of your Properties or such other properties our (i) weekly insert pricing or promotional offers prior to the time such prices or offers become effective on the applicable Best Buy Property (which, in most cases, is 3:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time Sundays) or (ii) holiday or special insert pricing or promotional offers, including, without limitation, the insert and promotions for the day after Thanksgiving until 6:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on the Friday immediately following Thanksgiving.

17. Limitation of Liability
NEITHER BEST BUY NOR ITS SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, OR DATA, ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PROGRAM, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND YOU WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO ANY CLAIMS FOR ANY SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BEST BUY AND ITS SUPPLIERS WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PROGRAM WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL COMMISSIONS PAID OR PAYABLE TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
18. Indemnification
You will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Best Buy and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and suppliers, and their directors, officers, employees, and shareholders, against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, ("Losses") insofar as such Losses, or actions in respect of Losses, arise out of or are based on (i) any claim that our use of Publisher trademarks infringes on any trademark, trade name, service mark, copyright, license, intellectual property, or other proprietary right of any third party; (ii) any misrepresentation of a representation or warranty or breach of a covenant and agreement made by you; or (iii) any claim related to your Properties, including, without limitation, claims regarding content on your Properties.
19. Uncontrollable Circumstances
Best Buy's performance under this Agreement will be excused to the extent that its performance is hindered, delayed or made commercially impractical by causes beyond its reasonable control.
20. Independent Investigation
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. You understand that we may at any time (directly or indirectly) solicit customer referrals on terms that may differ from those contained in this Agreement (subject to the restrictions contained in this Agreement specific to those referrals contemplated herein) or operate e-commerce properties that are similar to or compete with your e-commerce properties. You have independently evaluated the desirability of participating in the Program and are not relying on any representation, guarantee, or statement other than as set forth in this Agreement.
21. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue; General Provisions
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Minnesota, without reference to rules governing choice of law. Any action relating to this Agreement must be brought in the federal or state courts located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. You may not assign this Agreement. Our failure to enforce your strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such a provision or any other provision of this Agreement.
--
My Best Buy™ Terms
Last Updated 7/16/24
Thank you for reviewing the terms (“Terms”) for the My Best Buy™ program (the “Program”). These Terms are between you and Best Buy Stores, L.P. and/or its affiliates (“Best Buy” or “us” or “we”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. You become a My Best Buy member by enrolling in or participating in the Program. The Program is also subject to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations and requirements. The Terms, together with applicable terms related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with the Program, constitute the entire agreement between you and Best Buy® related to the Program. Best Buy may update or terminate the Terms and the Program at its sole discretion. If we make changes to the Terms or terminate the Program, we may notify you by email and/or post new Terms at BestBuy.com. You agree to any updates to the Terms by participating or remaining in the Program. If you have a My Best Buy Credit Card, please see My Best Buy Credit Card account Terms for additional information relevant to your use of the Card.

THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS. IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION BELOW. 

1.    Eligibility

A.    Age
Membership is open to individual U.S. residents (50 states, DC, and Puerto Rico) at least 13 years of age. If you are between 13 and the age of majority (18–21 years old), you may join the Program only with the permission of a parent or guardian.

B.    Email and Electronic Communications
You must provide and maintain a valid email address and promptly update your Program account (“account” or “Program account”) with any changes, and you acknowledge and expressly consent to receipt of electronic communications from Best Buy about your membership in the Program and promotional offers.

C.   Participating Properties
Membership is valid at Best Buy retail store locations in the United States (50 states, DC, and Puerto Rico), BestBuy.com, the Best Buy mobile app, and other select Best Buy properties (together, “Participating Properties”). Please note that some products purchased at stand-alone Pacific Kitchen & Home® stores or at Pacific Sales® locations within Best Buy Stores are not eligible to get points toward My Best Buy reward certificates, and reward certificates may not be redeemed toward the purchase of certain products at those locations.

D.   Account Activity

To remain eligible for the Program, you must maintain an active account. Account activity means a qualifying purchase made with your My Best Buy membership at least once in every rolling 24-month period or having an open My Best Buy Credit Card account.

If your Program account is inactive for 24 months and you do not have an open My Best Buy Credit Card account, we will terminate your Program account. You may return your Program account to active status at any point during the 24-month period by simply engaging in account activity. If you wish to be a member in the Program after you are terminated, you must create a new Program account. If you have points at the time we terminate your Program account, you will forfeit any points that have not been redeemed within 90 days of termination.

To remain eligible to earn points as a My Best Buy Credit Cardmember, you must also maintain an open My Best Buy Credit Card account. If you or the card issuer closes your My Best Buy Card account, you will have 90 days to redeem your points with any unused points forfeited after such time.

Please see also Section 6, Member Cancellation, for additional information.

E.   Resellers
Resellers are excluded from the Program. If we, in our sole discretion, determine you to be a reseller, your account may be terminated in accordance with Section 6 below.

2.    Benefits

A.   Point Receipt for My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers

Members who use their My Best Buy Credit Card on eligible transactions at Participating Properties or with certain Best Buy promotional partners periodically identified by Best Buy (“Best Buy Partners”) may be eligible to receive points on qualifying Net Purchases. My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers will receive 5% back in rewards (2.5 points for every $1 spent) made on qualifying Net Purchases with a My Best Buy Credit Card. My Best Buy Visa® Cardmembers may also be eligible to receive 1 point for every $2 of qualifying Net Purchases outside Best Buy or Pacific Kitchen & Home® stores made with the My Best Buy Visa. In addition, certain limited-time promotions may enable Credit Cardmembers to receive additional points for purchases with Best Buy Partners. “Net Purchase” means any purchase of goods or services on My Best Buy Credit Cards but excluding: 1) refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions; 2) cash advances or balance transfers; 3) any purchase of a product that is functionally equivalent to cash or a cash transaction, including without limitation, wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery tickets or casino gaming chips; 4) certain taxes and delivery charges; 5) any annual fee or other fees paid on these cards; or 6) other excluded items or transactions in particular promotions.  Also, in the instance where more than one My Best Buy Credit Card is used on an individual transaction, Best Buy reserves the right to apply points to the My Best Buy Credit Card with the highest charge.

B.    Point Receipt Exclusions for My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers
Best Buy may also periodically identify certain products and offers that are excluded from receiving points. For illustration, the following purchases by My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers are excluded (“Non-Qualifying Purchases”): 1) purchases made prior to becoming a member; 2)  purchases from a Best Buy Store on a third-party website or marketplace (such as Amazon, Google or eBay); 3) purchases from third party sites operating on Best Buy’s behalf; transactions including instant rebates; 4) pre-orders at the time of deposit (the points will be awarded at the time of final payment or at the time you pick up the product); 5) purchases made for resale; 6) purchases involving promotional financing or promotional statement credits; 7) purchases of Best Buy gift cards; 8) sales tax; 9) donations; 10) service charges, regulatory fees or other excluded transactions or charges in particular promotions; and 11) certain commercial purchases.

C.  Point Redemption for My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers
My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers may redeem points toward the issuance of reward certificates, or they may also use points with certain Best Buy Partners. If you are a My Best Buy Credit Cardmember, for every 250 My Best Buy points you receive, you will be eligible to receive a $5 reward certificate. Reward certificates are coupons for discounts on future purchases at Participating Properties and may be redeemed only for a discount on purchase amounts equal to or greater than the sum of the reward certificate(s) presented for redemption, excluding “Non-Qualifying Redemptions” (see below). Reward certificates are not transferable and may be used only by the member to whom they are issued. Reward certificates may be used in conjunction with most other discounts or offers toward the purchase of products, not to exceed the purchase amount. Reward certificates have no cash value, and no change will be given for reward certificate redemption. Reward certificates may be used only once. Reward certificates expire at 11:59 p.m. CT on the expiration date shown on the reward certificate. The point equivalent of reward certificate value may be credited to your active My Best Buy account associated with your active My Best Buy Credit Card upon return of product or service purchased with certificate.

My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers, with an active My Best Buy account and who are enrolled in point banking, may redeem points toward the issuance of e-gift cards from participating merchants. The amount required to redeem gift card offers varies. Additional limitations may apply. Subject to change without notice.

D.   Point Redemption Exclusions for My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers
You may redeem reward certificates when the purchase value (excluding tax) exceeds the reward certificate amount. Redemption of reward certificates is excluded from the following purchases and transactions (“Non-Qualifying Redemptions”): 1) Prior purchases; purchases of leased products; purchases/rentals at rent-to-own locations inside Best Buy Stores; 2) purchases from a Best Buy Store on a third-party website or marketplace (such as Amazon, Google or eBay); 3) purchases of Best Buy or other third party service contracts, extended warranties or protection plans; 4) purchases from third party sites operating on Best Buy’s behalf; 5) certain purchases at stand-alone Pacific Kitchen & Home® stores, at Pacific Sales® locations within Best Buy Stores; or at Yardbird stores or on Yardbird.com; 6) purchases of Best Buy gift cards; 7) purchases at Best Buy kiosks; 8) purchases made for resale; 9) payment on any My Best Buy Credit Cards; 10) certain premium major home appliances and home theater products; 11) any online transaction that contains the purchase of a Best Buy gift card; 12) sales tax, service and other excluded charges; 13) discounted commercial purchases; and 14) other exclusions in particular promotions.

E.   Member Pricing
Member purchases of certain products and services (which may include Non-Qualifying Purchases) may be eligible for discounts or reduced member pricing at Best Buy retail stores, on BestBuy.com, and the Best Buy mobile app (“Member Pricing”). These are limited-time offers and subject to offer limitations communicated by us. For example, certain Apple and Beats products identified by us may be eligible for Member Pricing from time to time.

F.   Promotional Certificates for Non-My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers

Members who do not have a My Best Buy Credit Card may be eligible to receive promotional certificates. These certificates have no cash value, and change will not be given for redemption. Certificates may be used only once. Certificate value forfeited upon return of product or service purchased with certificate. Certificates are valid until midnight (CT) on the expiration date specified. Additional limitations and exclusions may apply. Please see certificate terms and conditions.

Members may receive additional benefits identified by Best Buy from time to time. You are encouraged to visit My Best Buy member benefits for a summary.

G.   Additional Benefits

From time to time, Cardmembers may be offered additional benefits instead of points, for example a statement credit. These additional offers will be subject to the same Point Receipt and Point Receipt Exclusions terms as points.

3.    Privacy Policy

The information you provide as a member of the My Best Buy Program will be handled according to the Best Buy Privacy Policy. If you are interested in learning more about Best Buy privacy practices, please contact Best Buy at 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) or visit BestBuy.com/Privacy.

4.    Terms May Vary

Occasionally Best Buy tests new products, services or promotions. If you choose to participate, the terms and conditions in such tests may vary from the Terms. We will identify the changes when different terms and conditions apply.

5.    Limitations
You may not transfer or assign your Program membership or any Program benefits. Only one Program membership will receive points in any one transaction. Points, and reward certificates have no cash value and may not be transferred except as specified on BestBuy.com/MyBestBuy. Additional restrictions may apply to Best Buy employees.

6.    Membership Cancellation
You may cancel your membership in the Program at any time by email or phone (1-888-BEST BUY).

If you are a My Best Buy Credit Cardmember, and you or Best Buy cancel your membership, you will forfeit any remaining points after 90 days.

If your account has a negative points balance, we may immediately cancel or reverse any or all outstanding points as well as issued reward certificates.

We may not issue you any reward certificate(s) if we terminate your account because of conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates these Terms or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse of Program membership, or is harmful to our interests or those of another customer. We also reserve the right to deny future membership if we deem your conduct to violate these Terms. Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these Terms will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.

7.    Member Communications
You may view your membership activity online at BestBuy.com/signin. For information about your membership, contact Best Buy by email or phone (1-888-BEST BUY) with your member ID.

Or you can contact us by mail at:
My Best Buy Program
P.O. Box 949
Minneapolis, MN 55440-0949

We may, in our discretion, change these Terms, BestBuy.com Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, My Best Buy Credit Card account Terms, or any aspect of Program membership at any time without notice. If any change to these Terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions. YOUR CONTINUED MEMBERSHIP AFTER WE CHANGE THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP.

8.    General Program Information
The My Best Buy Program is brought to you by Best Buy Stores, L.P. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, BESTBUY.COM, MY BEST BUY, and other logos and taglines are the intellectual property of BBY Solutions, Inc., licensed to Best Buy Stores, L.P., and others under controlled conditions. Program Terms are void where and to the extent prohibited by law. Taxes may apply where required by law.

9.    Limitation of Liability
IN ADDITION TO OTHER LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS IN BESTBUY.COM TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE PROGRAM. OUR TOTAL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE QUALIFYING PURCHASE THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE DISPUTE. THESE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND WILL SURVIVE CANCELLATION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR MEMBERSHIP. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL NOT LIMIT OR EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR BEST BUY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INTENTIONAL, WILLFUL, RECKLESS, OR MALICIOUS MISCONDUCT, OR FRAUD.

10.     Dispute Resolution by Binding Individual Arbitration

ANY DISPUTE INVOLVING YOU AND BEST BUY OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS: 

ANY DISPUTE FALLING WITHIN THE JURISDICTIONAL SCOPE AND AMOUNT OF AN APPROPRIATE SMALL CLAIMS COURT MUST BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; AND
ANY DISPUTE TO SEEK TO ENJOIN INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER MISUSE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION.
“Dispute” shall be interpreted broadly and cover any claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way whatsoever to your relationship or interaction with Best Buy, its agents, and its present and future subsidiaries, affiliates, and designees — including, but not limited to, GreatCall, Lively, Geek Squad, Magnolia, and Pacific Sales — whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory. Examples of relationships or interactions giving rise to a covered claim include, without limitation: (1) your use of Best Buy’s websites; (2) your membership in any Best Buy loyalty or rewards program (e.g., My Best Buy®) or subscription-based services (e.g., Best Buy Totaltech™); (3) your receipt of delivery, repair or installation services or consultation services provided by Best Buy or its agents; (4) any communications between you and Best Buy; (5) application for financing; and/or (6) your purchase of products or services offered, sold, or distributed by Best Buy including, but not limited to, any Dispute arising from the advertising of, or the sales practices related to, such products and services. If you are a My Best Buy® member, Dispute shall also include all disputes that arose before your enrollment in, and after the cancellation or termination of, the My Best Buy® program, including any claims that are the subject of a purported class action litigation.

BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO MAINTAIN OTHER AVAILABLE RESOLUTION PROCESSES, SUCH AS A COURT ACTION OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING, TO SETTLE DISPUTES. THE RULES IN ARBITRATION ARE DIFFERENT. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, LESS DISCOVERY, AND LIMITED APPELLATE REVIEW. ARBITRATORS CAN AWARD THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF THAT A COURT CAN AWARD.

Before either Party may initiate an arbitration proceeding, you and Best Buy agree to engage in a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally for 60 days, unless that time is extended by agreement. If you intend to initiate an arbitration proceeding, you must first send a fully completed notice of your Dispute (the “Notice”) to Best Buy. The Notice must include your name and contact information (address, telephone number, and email address) and information sufficient to enable Best Buy to identify any transaction at issue. The Notice must also include a detailed description of (1) your Dispute; (2) the specific facts supporting your claim(s); (3) the nature and basis of the damages you claim to have suffered; and (4) a calculation and explanation of the relief sought. Your Notice shall be personally signed by you and sent to Best Buy at CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603 or by email at Arbitration@BestBuy.com. If Best Buy intends to initiate an arbitration proceeding, it will send a Notice to you at the contact information we have on file. If requested by Best Buy as part of this mandatory informal dispute resolution process, you agree to personally participate (along with your counsel, if you are represented) in a telephone conference to discuss the potential resolution of the Dispute between you and Best Buy. If the Dispute is not resolved within 60 days after receipt of the Notice (or the longer period agreed to by the Parties), you or Best Buy may proceed with individual arbitration (this informal process is a condition precedent to doing so.). If the sufficiency of a Notice or compliance with this mandatory informal dispute resolution process is at issue, it may be decided by a court at either Party’s election, and any formal dispute resolution proceeding shall be stayed pending resolution of the issue. A court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the Parties engage in this informal process.

If the Parties are not able to resolve the Dispute through the mandatory informal dispute resolution process referenced above, either Party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by sending a demand to the American Arbitration Association (AAA) that describes the nature and basis for the claim and includes all of the information required in the Notice. The Party initiating arbitration must include as part of the demand a personally signed certification of compliance with the informal dispute resolution process. You may serve a copy of a demand on our registered agent CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603. The arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s applicable Consumer Arbitration Rules or Commercial Arbitration Rules (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), as appropriate, and as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and the form for filing an arbitration claim are available at www.adr.org. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution section, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the Parties that will administer the arbitration consistent with it. If the Parties cannot agree on a provider, one shall be selected by a court that will administer the arbitration consistent with this Dispute Resolution section.

Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s Rules; however, Best Buy will consider reimbursing the consumer portion of the AAA fees upon a showing of financial hardship.

The Parties shall be responsible for their own attorney’s fees and costs in arbitration, unless they are authorized by law, or the arbitrator determines that a claim or proceeding was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or in bad faith (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). The arbitrator shall apply the provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of the award.

You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, virtually, based on written submissions, or at an in person hearing in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed upon location. Best Buy reserves the right to request a hearing from the arbitrator. You agree to personally appear at any in person hearing (along with your counsel if you are represented).

YOU AND BEST BUY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS MEANS THAT YOU MAY NOT PURPORT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A CLASS OR ANY OTHER PERSON. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. The arbitrator may not award relief for or against anyone who is not a party to the arbitration proceeding. Further, unless both you and Best Buy agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If a court determines that a claim for public injunctive relief may not be waived and all appeals from that decision have been exhausted, then the Parties agree that any claim for public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending arbitration of the remaining claims. If this specific paragraph is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this dispute resolution provision (except for the jury trial waiver) shall be null and void.

This paragraph sets forth additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations. If twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Best Buy by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated, you understand and agree that these additional procedures apply, and that the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed. Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Best Buy shall each select fifteen (15) cases (per side) to proceed first in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. Each of these thirty (30) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator. The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of this bellwether process. If the Parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases after the conclusion of the initial thirty (30) proceedings after conferring in good faith, each side shall select another fifteen (15) cases (per side) to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a second bellwether process. Each of these thirty (30) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator. The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. A single arbitrator shall preside over each case. Only one case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the Parties agree otherwise. Identical sets of arbitrators shall not be assigned to sets of bellwether proceedings. This staged process shall continue with thirty (30) cases in each set of bellwether proceedings, consistent with the parameters identified above, including that the remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed, until all the claims included in these coordinated filings, including your case, are adjudicated, settled, or otherwise resolved. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to these additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations from the time of the first cases are selected for a bellwether process until the time your case is selected for a bellwether process, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved. You and Best Buy agree to engage in this process in good faith. A court shall have the authority to enforce this paragraph and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing or prosecution of arbitration demands against Best Buy.

If for any reason a claim may proceed in court rather than in arbitration, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, UNLESS SUCH WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE. THIS MEANS THAT ANY CLAIM WOULD BE DECIDED BY A JUDGE, NOT A JURY.

This dispute resolution provision shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. It shall survive any termination or cancellation of, or your participation in, any membership programs or subscription services and your relationship with Best Buy. Any amendments to this dispute resolution provision shall not affect any then-active or pending arbitration proceeding.

11. Applicable Law
THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT AND APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW (OR IN THE ABSENCE OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW, THEN THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA), WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS, WILL GOVERN THESE TERMS AND APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES AGAINST BEST BUY.