BJ’s Membership Terms
We are pleased that you have become a member of BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. (“BJ's”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) and look forward to serving you. All BJ’s memberships are subject to the terms and conditions described below (“Membership Terms”). Membership Terms are always available at BJs.com/terms or at the member services desk of any of our clubs. For purposes of these Membership Terms, “member” will mean an individual or business enrolled in any of the membership types listed herein.

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THESE MEMBERSHIP TERMS CAREFULLY FOR IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER BJ’S MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM. BY PARTICIPATING IN BJ’S MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE MEMBERSHIP TERMS. MEMBERSHIPS ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO BJ’S TERMS OF USE (BJS.COM/TERMSOFUSE) AND BJ’S PRIVACY POLICY (BJS.COM/PRIVACYPOLICY). THESE MEMBERSHIP TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT (I) LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU, (II) ELIMINATE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, (III) REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PART OF ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION AND THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION, AND (IV) PROVIDE FOR AUTOMATIC ANNUAL RENEWAL OF YOUR BJ’S MEMBERSHIP THROUGH BJ’S EASY RENEWAL® PROGRAM. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN MEMBERSHIP TERMS WHICH BY THEIR NATURE ARE INTENDED TO SURVIVE MEMBERSHIP EXPIRATION, CANCELLATION, OR TERMINATION (INCLUDING THE FOREGOING ITEMS (I)-(III)) WILL SO SURVIVE. PLEASE REVIEW THESE MEMBERSHIP TERMS CAREFULLY.

Membership.
Membership is available to those 18 years of age or older and is nontransferable. BJ's reserves the right to require valid government-issued identification for membership enrollments and changes. BJ’s also reserves the right to use ID.me (“ID.me”), a third-party services provider, to assist BJ’s in verifying eligibility for certain membership types and promotions. Eligibility-related information shared with ID.me may be shared with BJ’s for membership-related purposes. BJ’s will have sole discretion to determine the sufficiency of any documentation and information provided in verifying eligibility. The primary member (or an owner or officer of a business membership) has sole authority to make changes to the membership, including any associated supplemental memberships, and to request and receive appropriate information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by adding a household member (or in the case of business memberships, a complimentary supplemental cardholder) you authorize such household member (or complimentary supplemental cardholder) to: (i) have access to membership information, (ii) upgrade or renew the membership, including all eligible memberships on the account, (iii) apply for a credit card through the BJ’s One® Mastercard® program, and (iv) enroll the membership, including all eligible memberships on the account, in BJ’s Easy Renewal® program, and manage such enrollment. Further, as the primary member (or owner or officer of a business membership), you are responsible for the members added to your membership, including their compliance with these Membership Terms. The privileges of membership are only available to current members. All membership cards remain the property of BJ's. BJ’s reserves the right to deny membership to any applicant and to terminate any membership at its discretion and for any reason. BJ’s cashiers will check membership cards at point-of-sale in our clubs for membership validation.

Shopping privileges.
A BJ’s membership is required to shop on BJs.com, in the BJ’s mobile app, and in our clubs. BJ’s reserves the right to require that membership cards be shown upon entry into any club. No sales will be made to any person in-club unless such person has a valid membership card or BJ’s authorized pass (all authorized passes are subject to these Membership Terms). Each member with in-club shopping privileges may bring two guests; however, guests do not have purchasing privileges. Members may be required to purchase any items they or their guests open or damage. Parents must keep their children with them at all times. BJ’s may refuse entry to anyone at any time and reserves the right to inspect any bag, backpack, briefcase, or container upon entry or exit. BJ’s may inspect receipts and carts as members exit the club. BJ’s does not offer rain checks for out-of-stock items and reserves the right to limit quantities. BJ’s strictly prohibits solicitation or other disruptive conduct on its premises and may require anyone engaged in such conduct to leave the club premises. Shipping promotions are not available for drop-ship resellers, and BJ’s reserves the right to exclude business memberships, and any other membership type(s), from shipping and other promotions. Please note that BJ’s offers shipping in the United States only and does not deliver to PO, APO, or FPO boxes, international addresses, or, except solely for gift cards, California addresses. In addition, only limited products can be shipped to Alaska and Hawaii and additional shipping charges may apply.

Check writing.
BJ’s may decline to accept member checks at its sole discretion. In the event a check remitted to BJ’s bounces, as determined by the bank, it is automatically sent to TRS Recovery Services. All bounced checks are subject to a service fee as determined by state law, as well as any additional collection fees incurred by BJ’s in order to recoup payment, as necessary. Payment should be made directly to TRS Recovery Services. Questions regarding any bounced checks may be directed to TRS Recovery Services at 1-800-366-1049.

Membership expiration and renewals.
The month and year in which your membership expires appears on your register receipts and on your “My Account” page on BJs.com. Your membership expires on the last day of the month and year shown. Memberships renewed within two months after expiration will be extended 12 months from the expiration date. Memberships renewed more than two months after expiration will be extended for 12 months from the last day of the month of renewal, provided that BJ’s reserves the right to require you to enroll in a new membership in lieu of renewing your expired membership. If you do not renew your BJ’s membership, you will not be able to shop on BJs.com or through the BJ’s mobile app, and a non-member surcharge equal to 20% of your total purchase will apply to all of your post-expiration BJ’s purchases in-club. Expired members that do visit or shop BJ’s clubs or that visit BJs.com or the BJ’s mobile app (i) are subject to these Membership Terms and (ii) may come back to the member services desk at any club location to apply any surcharge paid toward their membership renewal fee within seven (7) days of such surcharge, up to the renewal fee.

UPDATES TO THESE MEMBERSHIP TERMS.
BJ’S MAY CHANGE THESE MEMBERSHIP TERMS AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. YOU AGREE TO PERIODICALLY REVIEW BJ’S MEMBERSHIP TERMS FOR ANY SUCH UPDATES. IF ANY CHANGE IS FOUND VOID OR UNENFORCEABLE, THAT CHANGE IS SEVERABLE AND DOES NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINING TERMS. YOUR CONTINUED MEMBERSHIP (OR IN THE CASE OF INDIVIDUALS WITHOUT A CURRENT MEMBERSHIP, YOUR VISITING OR SHOPPING AT BJ’S CLUBS, BJS.COM, OR THE BJ’S MOBILE APP) CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP AND CEASE VISITING AND SHOPPING AT BJ’S CLUBS, BJS.COM, AND BJ’S MOBILE APP.

BJ's Membership Types
Promotional membership.
BJ’s offers no-cost or low-cost, limited-length (e.g., 60-day) memberships from time to time. Promotional memberships are by invitation only and may only be available to individuals who at the time of enrollment successfully verify their eligibility. Offer must be presented at the time of enrollment. Promotional membership only provides one primary membership card. Household and supplemental memberships may not be added to a promotional membership. BJ’s may limit the frequency with which an individual is eligible to enroll in a promotional membership.

The Club Card (Personal) Membership.
The Club Card Membership provides one primary membership card and a household card, included at no additional charge, that may be issued to a member of the primary member’s household. Up to three (3) additional supplemental memberships may be purchased. When you add a household cardholder or a supplemental membership, you represent and warrant to us that (i) you have obtained such individual’s permission to share their information with us, and for us to share their information as allowed by applicable law and our privacy policy, and (ii) you and such individual understand and agree all memberships, including household and supplemental memberships, are subject to these Membership Terms. The Club Card members (including household cardholders but not other supplemental members) in good standing may upgrade their membership to The Club+ Card Membership. Any promotional rewards earned under The Club Card Membership may be used or redeemed by either the primary or household cardholder if the members opt into rewards sharing. The Club Card members may not purchase merchandise for resale. Note: BJ’s discontinued its Online Access membership program, and all Online Access memberships were automatically converted to The Club Card Memberships. For prior Online Access memberships enrolled in BJ’s Easy Renewal, as of your renewal date, your membership will be renewed as The Club Card Membership at the then-current applicable membership fee.

The Business Club Card Membership.
The Business Club Card Membership provides one primary Business card and one Business supplemental card, included at no additional charge, that may only be issued to a Business associate. A “Business” is defined as one business address. The Business Club Card primary member may purchase up to eight (8) additional paid supplemental cards, that may only be issued to Business associates. When you add a complimentary or paid supplemental membership, you represent and warrant to us that (i) you have obtained such individual’s permission to share their information with us, and for us to share their information as allowed by applicable law and our privacy policy, and (ii) you and such individual understand and agree all memberships, including complimentary and paid supplemental memberships, are subject to these Membership Terms. The Business Club Card members in good standing may upgrade their membership to The Business Club+ Card Membership. Unlike The Club Card Membership, The Business Club Card Membership includes resale privileges. If a The Business Club Card member (i) intends to purchase merchandise for resale and claim an exemption from sales tax or (ii) is purchasing merchandise on behalf of an exempt organization, then BJ’s must have a valid, signed state Resale Organization Certificate or valid, signed state Exempt Organization Certificate, respectively, on file at the club of membership. The member must accurately complete the Supplemental Certificate of Resale or Exempt Organization Certificate provided by the cashier at the time of purchase. The primary member will immediately notify BJ’s if the Resale Organization Certificate on file is invalid or if the description of products to be resold has been changed. BJ’s may require confirmation of exemption or a Resale Organization Certificate at its discretion. In the states of CT, ME, and RI, all purchases by tax-exempt organizations must be paid by organizational check or credit card. In the states of FL and NY, all purchases by tax-exempt organizations must be paid by an organizational check, credit card, or cash. BJ’s does not sell alcoholic beverages for resale except in the state of ME. The primary member agrees that in the event the primary member or any supplemental cardholders fail to pay sales tax, all will hold harmless and indemnify BJ’s and its affiliates from and against any claim, loss or expense arising out of such nonpayment. Shipping promotions are not available for drop-ship resellers, and BJ’s reserves the right to exclude The Business Club Card Membership from shipping and other promotions.

Military Membership.
Active and veteran U.S. military personnel may enroll at a reduced membership fee, as established by BJ’s from time to time. Military Membership is available only to individuals who at the time of enrollment successfully verify their eligibility for Military Membership in accordance with BJ’s then-current eligibility requirements. Military Membership has the same rights and privileges as The Club Card Membership.

The Club+ Card.
The Club+ Card Membership offers all the rights and privileges of The Club Card Membership, plus the ability to earn 2% back in rewards on eligible purchases and receive an instant discount of 5¢ off each gallon of fuel purchased at BJ’s Gas® when The Club+ Card Membership card is scanned for these purchases, unless the primary member or the member making the purchase is associated with a credit card in the BJ’s One Mastercard program, in which case the member will only earn rewards and receive an instant discount at BJ’s Gas in accordance with the BJ’s One Mastercard Program Rewards Terms (see  BJs.com/bjsoneterms). Rewards earned under The Club+ Card Membership will be applied to the primary member’s account and may be used or redeemed by the primary member (or either the primary or household member if the members opt into rewards sharing). Paid supplemental members do not earn and may not redeem rewards (unless the paid supplemental member is a BJ’s One Mastercard cardholder, in which case they will only earn rewards and receive an instant discount at BJ’s Gas in accordance with the BJ’s One Mastercard Program Rewards Terms [see BJs.com/bjsoneterms]). Members may only enroll in one The Club+ Card Membership. Rewards earned may not exceed $500 in any 12-month period. The Club+ Card members may not purchase merchandise for resale. Please see “Eligible purchase and rewards terms” below for additional terms applicable to The Club+ Card Membership.

The Business Club+ Card.
The Business Club+ Card Membership offers all the rights and privileges of The Business Club Card Membership, plus the ability to earn 2% back in rewards on eligible purchases and receive an instant discount of 5¢ off each gallon of fuel purchased at BJ’s Gas when The Business Club+ Card Membership card is scanned for these purchases, unless the primary member or the member making the purchase is associated with a credit card in the BJ’s One Mastercard program, in which case the member will only earn rewards and receive an instant discount at BJ’s Gas in accordance with the BJ’s One Mastercard Program Rewards Terms (see BJs.com/bjsoneterms). Rewards earned under The Business Club+ Card Membership will be applied to the primary member’s account and may be used or redeemed by the primary member (or either the primary or complimentary supplemental member if the members opt into rewards sharing). Paid supplemental members do not earn and may not redeem rewards (unless the paid supplemental member is a BJ’s One Mastercard cardholder, in which case they will only earn rewards and receive an instant discount at BJ’s Gas in accordance with the BJ’s One Mastercard Program Rewards Terms [see BJs.com/bjsoneterms]). Members may only enroll in one The Business Club+ Card Membership. Rewards earned may not exceed $500 in any 12-month period. The Business Club+ Card Membership includes resale privileges. Shipping promotions are not available for drop-ship resellers, and BJ’s reserves the right to exclude The Business Club+ Card Membership from shipping and other promotions. Please see “Eligible purchase and rewards terms” below for additional terms applicable to The Business Club+ Card Membership.

Eligible purchase and rewards terms (The Club+ Card and The Business Club+ Card).
For The Club+ Card and The Business Club+ Card Memberships, “eligible purchases” are purchases of goods and services in-club at BJ’s front-end registers, on BJs.com, or in the BJ’s mobile app (minus any redeemed rewards, returns, refunds, or credit adjustments). Eligible purchases exclude eye exams, shipping, sales tax, bottle deposits, alcoholic beverages, cigarettes and tobacco-related products, lottery tickets, gift cards, propane, BJ’s Gas®, online optical purchases, membership fees and add-ons, warranties and protection plans, BJ’s services provided by third parties (e.g., BJ’s Travel®), and BJ’s B2B and BJ’s Global Sales transactions. For clarity, and without limiting the foregoing, same-day delivery shipping services, BJ’s Gas purchases, and purchases completed through PayPal and other third-party wallets are not eligible purchases and do not earn rewards. You do not earn rewards for pending eligible purchases. Rewards earnings from a completed eligible purchase generally take two to three (2-3) business days to post to your rewards balance.

Your rewards must have a minimum balance of $10 to redeem, and the eligible purchase to which the rewards are applied must be at least $10 at BJ’s checkout and greater than or equal to the reward redemption amount. Rewards are only redeemable for eligible purchases and membership fees at BJ’s checkout in-club, on BJs.com, or in the BJ’s mobile app. Eye exams and online optical purchases are not eligible for reward redemption. Use of rewards will not create a negative cash register or checkout balance at BJ’s. Rewards may be rounded to the nearest hundredth. You may choose to use rewards or save them. If you choose to use rewards, you must use all the rewards that are presented to you. Rewards will be decremented at the time of redemption. If your redemption of rewards results in a rewards balance of less than $10, the remaining rewards will not be available for redemption until such time as your rewards balance again reaches $10, as described above. All rewards redemptions are final, except as outlined in these Membership Terms. We reserve the right to verify and adjust your rewards balance at any time. Rewards cannot be combined from multiple memberships; however, the primary member may elect to share rewards with the associated (i) household member, for The Club+ Card Membership, and (ii) complimentary supplemental member, for The Business Club+ Card Membership.

Returns and refunds of your BJ’s purchases are subject to BJ’s return policy. If you make a return on a purchase on which you redeemed rewards, your rewards will be refunded as follows: In-club. If the total cost of your purchase, after the return, still exceeds the value of any redeemed rewards, no rewards will be refunded to you. Otherwise, the purchase price, including the value of any rewards redeemed, will be refunded to either the original form of tender on which the greatest portion of the original purchase was charged or to a BJ’s gift card, at BJ’s discretion. If the return exceeds the amount of the original purchase, any remaining balance will be refunded to a BJ’s gift card, or in cash, at BJ’s discretion. On BJs.com. Rewards are applied pro rata to all items in an eligible purchase made online. A return of any item will result in a corresponding credit of the pro rata rewards amount to your rewards balance.

Only one BJ’s membership may earn rewards in each transaction. Purchases that are returned or refunded or otherwise adjusted will be deducted from your BJ’s membership rewards balance. Such deductions may result in a negative rewards balance, in which case, any future rewards earnings will be applied to reduce that negative balance. Rewards cannot be sold, purchased, brokered, bartered, transferred, or altered in any way by you. Any attempted transaction of such sort will automatically be void. Anyone engaging in such transactions will be liable for damages to us, including, but not limited to, consequential damages, third -party damages, transaction costs, attorney’s fees, and court costs. Any violation of these provisions will result in termination of your BJ’s membership and forfeiture of unused rewards. You will not be entitled to and will not receive any compensation from us for rewards that are forfeited. To the extent allowed by applicable law, we may cancel any earned and outstanding rewards if we become insolvent, unable to pay our debts when due, file an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or have such an action filed against us. If you believe BJ’s failed to properly credit you with rewards, you must make a claim for such missing rewards within ninety (90) days of the date on which the purchase giving rise to such rewards was made. Any missing rewards not claimed within such time period will be forfeited.

The Club+ Card and The Business Club+ Card Memberships may only be downgraded at the time of membership renewal either over the phone by BJ’s Member Care, on BJs.com or in-club at the member services desk at which time you will no longer accumulate rewards; however, you may continue to use previously earned rewards at BJ’s Member Pricing® in accordance with these Membership Terms. If you cancel your BJ’s membership entirely, all rewards balances will be forfeited. We may, from time to time, make special offers for you to accumulate bonus rewards on specific purchases. Availability of any special offer is subject to change without notice.

If you are a BJ’s One Mastercard cardholder, other benefits and terms apply to you and can be found at BJs.com/bjsoneterms.

BJ's Membership Features
We respect your privacy.
BJ’s respects your right to privacy and our documented Privacy Policy details our practices and policies. Please visit  BJs.com/privacypolicy to read the BJ’s Privacy Policy in its entirety, or call BJ’s Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB (257-2582) or visit a member services desk in-club to request a copy. Subject to, and as more fully described in our Privacy Policy, we may request certain information from you and may communicate with you about products, services and promotions, including by sending marketing and advertisement communications. As a membership-only wholesale club offering membership privileges, including certain loyalty-based offerings, if you do not provide us with certain information or if you ask us to delete all of your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with your membership or loyalty-based offerings. As indicated above, these Membership Terms are subject to, and incorporate by reference, our Privacy Policy.

BJ’s Easy Renewal® program.
Enrollment in a BJ’s membership requires enrollment in the BJ’s Easy Renewal program; you may manage or cancel your BJ’s Easy Renewal participation at any time, as set forth below. Under the BJ’s Easy Renewal program, an annual recurring charge in the amount of the then-current membership fee for all memberships on your account, plus tax where applicable, will be automatically charged to any payment method we have on record for your membership. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS ANNUAL RECURRING CHARGE MAY OCCUR WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT NOTICE IS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

If we cannot successfully charge your then-current membership fee for all memberships on your account plus tax where applicable on our initial billing attempt, for your convenience we may make subsequent additional attempts to process such renewal fee using any payment method(s) we have on record for your membership, and you authorize us to resubmit such renewal fee for payment to your issuing bank(s) and payment service provider(s). Failure to successfully charge your renewal fee will not automatically opt your membership out of BJ’s Easy Renewal, even if your membership expires. Please manage your BJ’s Easy Renewal enrollment as provided below.

Your initial sign-up is your authorization (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the then-current membership fee for all memberships on your account plus tax where applicable, using any payment method we have on record for your membership. Your initial sign-up is also your authorization for subsequent additional attempts to collect such amount in the event any payment method is declined for payment. As described above, a household member or complimentary supplemental member is authorized by you to enroll your membership account into the BJ’s Easy Renewal program. A household member or complimentary supplemental member that utilizes their payment method at the time of BJ’s Easy Renewal enrollment, or otherwise in connection with their membership, represents to us that they are the owner and authorized user of such payment method, and they authorize us to maintain that payment method on record (as the same may be updated with financial institution or payment service provider account updater services) for their membership for all purposes, including the BJ’s Easy Renewal program.

Payment methods on record for your membership may include any credit card, debit card, or third-party digital wallet (e.g., Apple Pay®, PayPal), used in connection with your BJ’s membership, , including your BJ’s One Mastercard (if applicable) and any payment method (i) used when enrolling in or managing your BJ’s membership, (ii) used when enrolling in or managing BJ’s Easy Renewal, (iii) used when shopping at BJ’s (in-club, on BJs.com, or through the BJ’s mobile app), (iv) in your digital wallet or BJ’s Easy Renewal wallet under “My Account” on BJs.com, (v) that you updated with the BJ’s member services desk or BJ’s Member Care team, or (vi) we have on record for you that was updated through financial institution or payment service provider account updater services.

The current membership fee will be charged on the first day of the month in which the membership is set to expire (or, if we must make subsequent attempts to process your membership fee as described above, such date as we are able to successfully charge your membership fee), and the membership will be renewed as of its expiration date. If you are enrolled in BJ’s Easy Renewal as a new member, all your supplemental memberships (including the household cardholder) will also be included in BJ’s Easy Renewal. If you join BJ’s Easy Renewal at the time of your renewal, all memberships renewed will be included in BJ’s Easy Renewal. If you join BJ’s Easy Renewal while upgrading your membership (e.g., The Club Card to The Club+ Card), please note that paid supplemental memberships may not automatically be included in BJ’s Easy Renewal.

THE ANNUAL BILLING AUTHORIZATIONS ABOVE REMAIN IN EFFECT, AND YOUR MEMBERSHIP WILL REMAIN ENROLLED IN BJ’S EASY RENEWAL (EVEN IF YOUR MEMBERSHIP EXPIRES), UNLESS AND UNTIL YOU OR BJ’S CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP OR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE BJ’S EASY RENEWAL PROGRAM. YOU MAY MANAGE OR CANCEL YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE BJ’S EASY RENEWAL PROGRAM AT ANY TIME AS SET FORTH IN THE NEXT PARAGRAPH.

The member who opted the membership into BJ’s Easy Renewal may (i) cancel BJ’s Easy Renewal participation at any time at the member services desk, on BJs.com, or by calling 800-BJS-CLUB (257-2582), and (ii) update BJ’s Easy Renewal payment methods on BJs.com or by calling 800-BJS-CLUB (257-2582). While BJ’s One Mastercard cardholders may cancel BJ’s Easy Renewal participation at any time as provided in (i) above, due to system limitations, BJ’s One Mastercard cardholders in good standing may not update payment methods for BJ’s Easy Renewal. In addition, the primary member may always opt the membership in or out of BJ's Easy Renewal. Members updating BJ’s Easy Renewal payment methods on BJs.com must do so through their BJ’s Easy Renewal wallet, not their digital wallet. Please note that if any payment method on record for your membership is a third-party digital wallet (e.g., Apple Pay® or PayPal), your agreement with your third-party digital wallet provider will determine which payment method within such digital wallet is charged. If you would like to cancel your BJ’s Easy Renewal participation, please complete the cancellation at least 3 business days prior to your renewal billing date to ensure that you are not charged.

Payment methods, coupons and other price promotions.
BJ’s accepts Mastercard®, Visa®, American Express®, and Discover® Network both in-club and for shopping on BJs.com and in the BJ’s mobile app. Cash, checks, and debit cards are accepted in-club. EBT is accepted in-club as well as for shopping on BJs.com in certain states. BJ’s may accept other forms of payment for shopping online or in-club from time to time at its sole discretion.

Each time a payment method is used in connection with your membership, you represent to us that you are the owner or authorized user of such payment method, and you authorize us to maintain that payment method on record (as the same may be updated with financial institution or payment service provider account updater services) for your membership for all purposes, including the BJ’s Easy Renewal program. Note, the foregoing applies equally to all membership types (e.g., The Club Card Membership, Military Membership) and all membership classifications (e.g., primary, household, supplemental). For your convenience, BJ’s will add your default payment method, and may add additional payment methods on record for your membership from time to time, to your BJ’s Easy Renewal wallet under “My Account” on BJs.com. For BJ’s One Mastercard cardholders in good standing, your BJ’s One Mastercard will be your default payment method.

BJ’s accepts manufacturers’ coupons for merchandise purchased at the register in any club where the product is sold. BJ’s enforces all rules of redemption as stated on coupons. BJ’s reserves the right to limit the number of coupons redeemed per item and per transaction. BJ’s reserves the right to restrict issuance of coupons and publications to selected members. BJ’s may make certain digital coupons or promotions available for redemption when shopping on BJs.com and in the BJ’s mobile app from time to time at its sole discretion. Redemption of such digital coupons or promotions will be subject to all applicable terms and conditions provided in connection therewith.

BJ’s may use price signage, tags, stickers, or ads (“price sign”) in our clubs, on BJs.com and BJ’s mobile app, and in our marketing communications. A price sign may display both the unpromoted price and a promotional price for the applicable product; if both prices are shown, the unpromoted price is the higher of the two prices. The price sign may refer to the unpromoted price as the “BJ’s price”, “original price” or “member price”. The price sign also may simply state the unpromoted price (e.g., $9.99). Unless otherwise noted, the unpromoted price on a price sign reflects the price for that product at BJ’s checkout, before any applicable rewards, discounts, coupons, instant savings, promotions, non-member surcharge, bottle deposits, shipping or delivery fees, taxes or other applicable fees. For purposes of these Membership Terms, we refer to our unpromoted product price as the “member price”. In establishing the member price for a product, we seek to deliver value to our members. We may establish the member price based on the manufacturer’s suggested retail price, the unpromoted price of an identical or similar product offered at other retailers, or otherwise establish a member price that we believe delivers value. In some instances, member prices are determined by applicable law. The member price for a product may vary by location, in-club, on BJs.com or the BJ’s mobile app, and over time. All advertised prices are in U.S. dollars.

You may see clipless coupons, instant savings, and other price promotions on our price signs. Unless otherwise indicated, these price promotions apply to the product’s member price. A price sign that states “you pay”, “you pay at the register”, “after instant savings”, or otherwise indicates the price after application of instant savings, a clipless coupon, or other price promotion, is intended to reflect the price for that product after the application of applicable promotion, but before any non-member surcharge, bottle deposits, shipping or delivery fees, taxes or other applicable fees. Please proceed to checkout to see the total cost of your order.

Price promotions may include manufacturer funding, and sales tax may be due on all or part of the pre-discounted price. For multiple-item promotional offers, the discount is based on the lowest priced item unless otherwise indicated, and the discount may be applied to each qualifying item proportionally. Price promotions, including clipless coupons and instant savings, may be subject to additional terms separate from these Membership Terms, and the actions necessary for you to qualify for a price promotion may vary. Read each promotional offer carefully for important terms, conditions, limitations, and exclusions.

Certain products may utilize variable pricing based on weight or quantity, and the final price for such products will depend on the actual product weight or quantity.

If you do not renew your BJ’s membership, you will not be able to shop on BJs.com or in the BJ’s mobile app, and a non-member surcharge equal to 20% of your total purchase will apply to all of your post-expiration or post-termination BJ’s purchases in BJ’s clubs.

Your BJ’s membership money-back guarantee. 
Primary members who are dissatisfied may cancel their membership at any time and request a refund of membership fees paid for the current membership period at all BJ’s club locations (excluding BJ’s Online Access members). Any cancellation by a primary member can be made in-club or sent in writing via letter to BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., Attn: Membership, P.O. Box 9157, Marlborough, MA 01752. Refunds will not be paid for second or subsequent cancellations. Cancellation of the primary membership will cancel household and supplemental memberships, except that supplemental memberships will not be canceled if the primary membership is canceled without a refund. Membership fee refunds will be paid only to the primary member. Membership upgrade fees and membership add-on fees are not subject to this policy and will not be refunded.

Gift cards.
BJ’s gift cards are redeemable only for membership fees and merchandise at BJ’s club front-end registers, on BJs.com, in the BJ’s mobile app, and at BJ’s Gas locations. BJ’s will reissue a lost gift card only with the original receipt, which contains the gift card number. BJ’s will reissue the remaining balance on record as of the date of requested reissuance.

Exchanges and returns.
Returns and exchanges are handled in accordance with our Return Policy at BJs.com/returnpolicy, which is incorporated into these Membership Terms by reference.

Consent to electronic communications.
You consent to receive electronically all disclosures, agreements, and other communications and notices that BJ’s provides to you in connection with your (i) BJ’s membership, including enrollment and renewals (through BJ’s Easy Renewal or otherwise), and (ii) access to or use of BJs.com, the BJ’s mobile app, and BJ’s clubs, in each case, whether as a guest (including former members) or a BJ’s member (“Electronic Communications”). Electronic Communications may include (i) updates to BJ’s terms and policies, including these Membership Terms, BJ’s Terms of Use, BJ’s Privacy Policy, BJ’s Return Policy, and BJ’s One Mastercard Program Rewards Terms, (ii) order confirmations, reminders, receipts, and history, (iii) information we are required to make available to you by law, if any, and (iv) other information related to your BJ’s membership and BJ’s Easy Renewal. BJ’s may provide Electronic Communications to you by posting to BJ’s website, posting in BJ’s clubs, or by BJ’s point-of-sale screen, email, text message, or app notification, including in each case via links. You agree that Electronic Communications comply with any legal or contractual requirement that such communications be made in writing. You may withdraw your consent to receive electronically certain BJ’s Easy Renewal billing notices, if required by applicable law, by contacting us as set forth below under “We are here to help,” and your withdrawal of consent will become effective after we have had a reasonable opportunity to respond to your request. BJ’s reserves the right to charge additional fees for paper copies of such billing notices. You acknowledge and agree that if BJ’s sends an Electronic Communication to the email address or mobile phone number we have on file for your membership, that communication will be deemed properly provided even if (i) it is blocked (whether by you, your account filters, or your service providers), or (ii) you do not receive it because the email address or mobile phone number is incorrect. BJ’s reserves the right to send any Electronic Communications via mail in lieu of sending them electronically. It is at all times your sole responsibility to ensure BJ’s has your current and valid physical mailing address, email address, and mobile phone number on file, including by periodically confirming the accuracy of such information and contacting BJ’s (see “We are here to help” below) to correct any information that is missing or incorrect.

Governing law; Terms of Use; dispute resolution provisions.
Any dispute, claim, or controversy arising in any way between us including in connection with (i) these Membership Terms, (ii) your BJ’s membership (including any renewal, BJ’s Easy Renewal, expiration, or cancellation thereof), (iii) your access to or use of BJs.com or BJ’s mobile app, (iii) your access to or use of BJ’s clubs, (iv) your shopping on BJs.com, in BJ’s mobile app, or in BJ’s clubs, in each case, whether as a guest (including former members) or a BJ’s member, and whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, in law or equity (“Dispute”) will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and Delaware law (without reference to its choice of law provisions), all as more fully set forth in the dispute resolution provisions of BJ’s Terms of Use (“Dispute Resolution Provisions”). Without limiting the foregoing, Disputes include all common law claims and claims related to personal injury, including claims for negligence, gross negligence, physical impairment, pain and suffering, emotional distress, and exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or related to any personal injury. Except as specifically provided in the Dispute Resolution Provisions, either you or BJ’s may elect that any such Dispute be resolved solely by binding individual arbitration under the rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). In arbitration, there is no judge or jury and there is less discovery and appellate review than in court. There will be no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated or litigated on a class-action basis. Please review the Dispute Resolution Provisions carefully as they affect your rights. The terms of this provision will apply regardless of your current membership status, and survive any expiration, termination, or cancellation of your membership.

Extended meanings.
In these Membership Terms, “including” will mean “including without limitation” and unless the context otherwise requires, “or” will have the inclusive meaning “and/or”, and “to the extent” will mean the degree to which a thing extends and will not mean simply “if.”

We are here to help.
If you have any questions, please contact us online at BJs.com/help/ and select “email”, visit a member services desk in-club, or call BJ’s Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB (257-2582) Monday – Friday, 8AM – 7PM E.T., Saturday 8AM – 6PM E.T. and Sunday NOON – 6PM E.T.

Membership Terms as of 5/2/2024. Subject to change.
--
BJ’S WHOLESALE CLUB, INC.

TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: November 1, 2024

1. Introduction.
Welcome. These BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. (“BJ’s”, “we”, “our”) Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) govern your access to and use of the BJs.com website, including its related subdomains and microsites, and BJ’s mobile application (individually and collectively, “BJ’s Website”) and BJ’s stores (“BJ’s Stores”). These Terms of Use apply to BJ's members and, to the extent applicable, non-members that access or use BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores.

Periodically, and each time you visit BJ’s Website, please review the current Terms of Use. You can determine when these Terms of Use were last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of these Terms of Use.

Additional terms may apply to (i) portions of the BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores, (ii) services or functionality, or (iii) the purchase of certain merchandise or services (“Additional Terms”). Additional Terms expressly include BJ’s Membership Terms, Privacy Policy, and Help Center. The Additional Terms are incorporated into these Terms of Use, and any reference to these Terms of Use includes the Additional Terms. Please refer to and review all Additional Terms.

By accessing or using the BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores, you affirm that you are of legal age to enter into these Terms of Use, or, if you are not, that you have obtained parental or guardian consent to enter into these Terms of Use. Any person who interacts with the BJ’s Website through the use of crawlers, robots, browsers, data mining or extraction tools, or other functionality, whether installed or placed by such person or a third party, is deemed to be accessing and using the BJ’s Website.

Your access to or use of BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use. If at any time you do not accept all of BJ’s Terms of Use, you must immediately stop accessing and using BJ’s Website and BJ’s Stores. We may update these Terms of Use from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting revised Terms of Use at BJs.com/termsofuse. Except as specifically provided in these Terms of Use, by continuing to use or access the BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores after we post any changes, you accept the updated Terms of Use.

IMPORTANT: THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT (I) LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU, (II) ELIMINATE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, AND (III) REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PART OF ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION AND THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION. PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS IN THESE TERMS OF USE APPLY IN FULL TO THE BJ’S MEMBERSHIP TERMS AND BJ’S PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS, AS IF FULLY SET FORTH THEREIN.

2. Use of BJ’s Website and BJ’s Stores; intellectual property.
BJ’s Website and BJ’s Stores may only be used as a shopping and BJ’s member resource. Your access and use of BJ’s Website and BJ’s Stores is always subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws.

Content on BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores (“Materials”) is subject to copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and other intellectual property (“IP”) rights owned, controlled, or licensed by BJ’s, its affiliates, or a third party with permission to make such IP available on BJ’s Website (“Licensed”). Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, you may download and print hard copy portions of BJ’s Website in connection with product orders and for your own personal, non-commercial purposes only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, translate, transfer, report, or in any way use the Materials for any public or commercial purposes, including the text and images, without BJ’s prior written permission. Except as otherwise provided by law, we may change, restrict access to or use of, suspend, or discontinue (i) BJ’s Website or any portion of BJ’s Website, or (ii) some or all BJ’s Stores, or any portion thereof.

The following activities are prohibited, and should be broadly construed to cover other similar activities, however denominated: (i) republishing, modification, distribution, resale, or commercial use of BJ’s Website or its contents, (ii) collection or use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices, (iii) derivative use of BJ’s Website or its contents, (iv) downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of any third party, and (v) use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The BJ’s Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose, without the express prior written consent of BJ’s. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any BJ’s IP or IP from the BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores without BJ’s express prior written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing any BJ’s IP or IP from the BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores without the express written consent of BJ’s. Any unauthorized use automatically terminates any license granted by BJ’s.

As noted above, you should assume that all Materials, including everything you see or read on BJ’s Website and in BJ’s Stores, is Licensed IP, including materials, images, illustrations, graphics, text designs, icons, photographs, audio or video clips, digital downloads, page headers, button icons and written, electronic, and other materials that are part of BJ’s Website or in the BJ’s Stores. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all Material on BJ’s Website and in BJ’s Stores is the exclusive property of BJ’s and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright law. BJ’s®, BJ’s Wholesale Club®, Berkley Jensen®, and Wellsley Farms®, among other marks, are registered trademarks or service marks of BJ’s or its affiliates. Certain functionality provided via the BJ’s Website may be covered by U.S. Patent 5,930,474. BJ’s does not represent or warrant that your use of Materials and IP displayed on BJ’s Website or in the BJ’s Stores will not infringe the rights of third parties.

3. Copyright infringement claims.
If you believe that material on BJ’s Website or in a BJ’s Store has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may request removal of such material under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by notifying BJ’s copyright agent in writing and providing the following information:

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is allegedly being infringed;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material appears on the BJ’s Website or in a BJ’s Store;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
BJ’s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:

Mail: BJ’s Wholesale Club, Attention: Legal Department, 350 Campus Drive, Marlborough, MA 01752
Email: legalnotices@bjs.com

4. Transactions.
When you purchase a product or service made available through BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your purchase including payment, billing, and shipping information. By submitting such information, you grant BJ’s the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of verifying and completing the transaction. BJ’s reserves the right to request additional information to verify any transaction, and to suspend, terminate, or cancel any transaction. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use any payment card or other payment method utilized in connection with any transaction.

5. Changes, misprints, and errors.
We reserve the right to change the (i) goods and services advertised or offered for sale on BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores, (ii) prices or specifications of such goods and services, (iii) any promotional offers, and (iv) any part of BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores, in each case, at any time and from time to time without notice or liability to you or any other person.

Pricing, pictorial, or typographical errors may occur, and product descriptions and pricing information are never guaranteed. We have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on BJ’s Website. However, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate. All product descriptions originate from the supplier of the item or other third party. Subject to applicable law, we do not warrant (and expressly disclaim all warranties) that Materials on BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores, including product photographs and descriptions, and the output of any artificial intelligence tools, are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusions and disclaimers of certain implied warranties, in which case some of the provisions of this section may not apply to you.

All orders are subject to credit approval and the availability of goods and services upon successful completion of this credit check. We cannot guarantee that goods or services advertised or offered for sale on BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores will be available when ordered, or when you are physically in a BJ’s Store, or thereafter, and we reserve the right to limit quantities sold or made available for sale at any time and from time to time. Without limiting the foregoing, we reserve the right to limit quantities on orders placed by the same membership, on orders placed by the same method of payment or under the same bill-to name, on orders that use the same billing or shipping address, and any time we suspect fraud or abuse of our policies. Availability and pricing may vary by location and on BJ’s Website. BJ’s does not offer rain checks for any items on BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores.

We reserve the right to suspend, cancel, terminate, or not to process orders (including "accepted" orders) for any reason, including where the price or other information on BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores is inaccurate or when we suspect fraud or abuse of our policies. If we do not process an order, we will advise you that the order has been cancelled (or terminated, or not processed, etc.) and will either not charge you or apply a credit to the payment type used in your order.

An order placed on the BJ’s Website may be fulfilled by our merchandising partners. BJ’s disclaims any responsibility or liability for any damage, loss, or injury arising out of the activities of any merchandising partner, the goods or services offered by a merchandising partner, or our merchandising partner's failure to complete your delivery.

6. Price promotions.
We may use price signage, tags, stickers, or ads (“price sign”) in our clubs, on BJ’s Website, and in our marketing communications. A price sign may display both the unpromoted price and a promotional price for the applicable product; if both prices are shown, the unpromoted price is the higher of the two prices. The price sign may refer to the unpromoted price as the “BJ’s price”, “original price” or “member price”. The price sign also may simply state the unpromoted price (e.g., $9.99). Unless otherwise noted, the unpromoted price on a price sign reflects the price for that product at BJ’s checkout, before any applicable rewards, discounts, coupons, instant savings, promotions, non-member surcharge, bottle deposits, shipping, pickup or delivery fees, taxes or other applicable fees. For purposes of these Terms of Use, we refer to our unpromoted product price as the “member price”. In establishing the member price for a product, we seek to deliver value to our members. We may establish the member price based on the manufacturer’s suggested retail price, the unpromoted price of an identical or similar product offered at other retailers, or otherwise establish a member price that we believe delivers value. In some instances, member prices are determined by applicable law. The member price for a product may vary by location, on BJ’s Website, and over time. All advertised prices are in U.S. dollars.

You may see clipless coupons, instant savings, and other price promotions on our price signs. Unless otherwise indicated, these price promotions apply to the product’s member price. A price sign that states “you pay”, “you pay at the register”, “after instant savings”, or otherwise indicates the price after application of instant savings, a clipless coupon, or other price promotion, is intended to reflect the price for that product after the application of applicable promotion, but before any non-member surcharge, bottle deposits, shipping, pickup or delivery fees, taxes or other applicable fees. Please proceed to checkout to see the total cost of your order.

Price promotions may include manufacturer funding, and sales tax may be due on all or part of the pre-discounted price. For multiple-item promotional offers, the discount is based on the lowest priced item unless otherwise indicated, and the discount may be applied to each qualifying item proportionally. Price promotions, including clipless coupons and instant savings, may be subject to additional terms separate from these Terms of Use, and the actions necessary for you to qualify for a price promotion may vary. Read each promotional offer carefully for important terms, conditions, limitations, and exclusions.

Certain products may utilize variable pricing based on weight or quantity, and the final price for such products will depend on the actual product weight or quantity.

If you do not renew your BJ’s membership, you will not be able to shop on BJ’s Website, and a non-member surcharge equal to 20% of your total purchase will apply to all of your post-expiration BJ’s purchases in BJ’s Stores. By using a BJ’s one-day shopping pass you agree that you are subject to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and a non-member surcharge.

7. International shipping.
Currently, BJ’s offers shipping in the United States only. We do not currently deliver to P.O. boxes, APO (military) boxes, FPO (foreign) boxes, or international addresses and not all products can be shipped to California, Alaska, or Hawaii. In addition, additional shipping charges apply for shipping to Alaska and Hawaii.

8. Return policy.
Goods purchased through BJ’s Website or at BJ’s Stores can be returned to any BJ’s Store. However, BJ’s is not obligated to accept returns of goods ordered through BJ’s Website or purchased at a BJ’s Store that are not in compliance with our Return Policy. Please read our Return Policy in full for specific return policies as applicable to different types of goods. Our return policy does not apply to bulk purchases, including purchases of ten (10) or more selling units of the same product in the same transaction on BJ’s Website or in a BJ’s Store where the total purchase price for such items exceeds $1,000.00, regardless of membership type (“Bulk Purchases”). For Bulk Purchases, ALL SALES ARE FINAL, and no returns will be accepted by BJ’s, whether in BJ’s Stores or through BJ’s Website.

9. Rules for promotions.
Any sweepstakes, contests, raffles, or other similar promotions (“Promotions”) made available through the BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms of Use. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion expressly conflict with these Terms of Use, the Promotion rules will govern to the extent of such conflict.

10. Submissions.
We welcome your comments, questions, feedback, reviews, notes, messages, ideas, photos, drawings, suggestions, or other communications (collectively, “Comments”). However, you are solely responsible for any Comments you make, the consequences of making a Comment, and your reliance on any Comments. BJ’s is not responsible for the consequences of any Comment. Any Comments sent to BJ’s Website or made in BJ’s Stores will be and remain the exclusive property of BJ’s. Your submission of any such Comments will constitute an assignment to BJ’s of all worldwide rights, title, and interest in all IP in the Comments. BJ’s will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish, and distribute any Comments you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send or provide us any Comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code, or original artwork. BJ’s is, and will remain, under no obligation to pay any compensation for any Comment or respond to any Comment. You grant BJ’s the right to use any name associated with any Comment that you make available to BJ’s, although BJ’s has no obligation to exercise such right, or to otherwise provide any attribution for any Comment.

BJ’s reserves the right but has no obligation to: (i) investigate an allegation that a Comment does not comply with these Terms of Use; (ii) determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of Comments which are abusive, illegal, disruptive, outdated, inconsistent with BJ’s values, or that otherwise fail to comply with these Terms of Use; (iii) monitor, edit, or disclose any Comment, regardless of whether such Comment violates these Terms of Use. BJ’s will have no liability or responsibility to you for performance or nonperformance of such activities.

You agree that: (a) no Comments you submit to or through BJ’s Website or in a BJ’s Store will contain false, illegal, inflammatory, discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, hateful, libelous, objectionable, or unlawful content, or content that is defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing, or otherwise injurious to third parties, (b) Comments will not contain any software viruses, harmful code, malware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam”, (c) you may not use a false email address, impersonate any person, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a Comment, (d) you will not collect information about others, including email addresses, (e) you will not engage in any other conduct that restricts any other person from using or enjoying the BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores, or which, in the sole and exclusive judgment of BJ’s, exposes BJ’s or any of its affiliates, agents, vendors, service providers, licensors, partners, or members to any liability or detriment of any type. You represent and warrant that: (1) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the Comments you share, (2) the Comments are current, accurate, and complete, (3) the Comments do not violate these Terms of Use or other BJ’s policies and will not cause injury to any person, and (4) you will indemnify BJ’s for all claims resulting from or related to the Comments you share. BJ’s takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Comments shared by you or any third party on the BJ’s Website or in a BJ’s Store.

11. Gift cards and gifts of membership.
All BJ’s gift cards and gifts of membership are deemed purchased in and issued from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

12. Health and wellness information.
Any health or wellness related information on BJ’s Website or in a BJ’s Store is intended for educational purposes only. It is not intended as medical advice for individual conditions or treatment, it is not a substitute for a medical exam, and it does not replace the need for services provided by medical professionals. Talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking any medication, including any herbal medicines or supplements. Only your doctor or pharmacist can provide you with advice on what is safe and effective for you. The manufacture and distribution of herbal medicines and supplements is not regulated in the United States, and no quality standards currently exist. Because of the unregulated nature of the herbal and supplement industry, you need to discuss use of these substances with your doctor or pharmacist.

13. BJ’s text message program terms and conditions.
BJ’s customers may enroll to receive text messages regarding order and shipping updates (“Transactional Messages”) and marketing or promotional text messages about events, new products, and other offers (“Marketing Messages”, and together with the Transactional Messages, the “Message Program”). By participating in the Message Program, you agree to these Message Program terms and conditions (“Message Terms”) and to our Privacy Policy.

Signing Up and Opting-In to the Message Program

Enrollment into Marketing Messages requires you to first log into your BJ’s account, provide/confirm your mobile phone number, update your preferences to receive marketing text messages from BJ’s, and agree to these Message Terms. Before the Marketing Messages under the Message Program will begin, you will need to verify the mobile phone number you provided by responding to a text message to your mobile phone that confirms your choice to opt-in to receive Marketing Messages.

Enrollment into Transactional Messages under the Messaging Program occurs (i) by logging in to your BJ’s account and updating your preferences to receive Transactional Messages from BJ’s; (ii) by opting in to receive Transactional Messages when you place a BJ’s Same-Day Delivery order; or (iii) by opting in to receive Transactional Messages when you place an order online and pick it up in BJ’s Stores (“BOPIC”), where (i) - (iii) above all require you to provide/confirm your mobile number and agree to these Message Terms.

You may not enroll into the Message Program if you are under 18 years old (except in Alabama and Nebraska, 19 years old). BJ’s reserves the right to stop offering the Message Program at any time with or without notice.

By opting into the Message Program, you:

authorize BJ’s to use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send Informational Messages and/or Marketing Messages to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i.e., the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in, or, if none, the number from which you send an opt-in) sent by BJ’s, or on behalf of BJ’s by its affiliated companies, and/or third-party service providers;
acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive text messages as a condition of purchase;
confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in; and
consent to the use of an electronic record to document your consent to opt-in.
Charges and Carriers

Message and data rates may apply. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of participating in the Message Program. Note, not all mobile devices, mobile carriers, or handsets may be supported, and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas (e.g., outside of the U.S). BJ’s, its service providers, and the mobile carriers supported by the Message Program are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

Messages You May Receive

Once you confirm your choice to opt into the Message Program, message times and frequency varies and may be based on the programs you are enrolled in and/or your mobile number’s area code. BJ’s reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of messages sent. BJ’s also reserves the right to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent, and we may notify you when we do so.

Under the Message Program, you may receive messages such as the following (without limitation):

when you are welcomed into the Message Program;
when an order has been placed and/or delivered;
when an order has substitutions;
when an item or items has shipped; an item or items are ready for an in-BJ’s Store pick up;
marketing or other promotions; or
membership updates.
Information and Use

Data obtained from you in connection with the Message Program may include your mobile phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages and other information you provide to BJ’s as part of the Message Program. BJ’s may use this information to contact you and provide services you request from BJ’s, as well as send other marketing and promotional related materials. If you have questions regarding how BJ’s collects, uses, shares, and protects customer information, please read our Privacy Policy.

Cancellation and Opt-Out

To stop receiving Marketing Messages from BJ’s, text the word STOP, END, NO or CANCEL to BJSGO (25746) any time or reply STOP, END, NO or CANCEL to any of the Marketing Messages you have received from BJ’s. To stop receiving Transactional Messages from BJ’s, text the word STOP, END, NO or CANCEL to 84106 any time or reply STOP, END, NO or CANCEL to any of the Transactional Messages you have received from BJ’s. You may also opt out of Transactional or Marketing Messages through Member Care by calling 1-800-257-2582, emailing customercare@bjs.com or by logging into your BJ’s account and opting out of certain Transactional or Marketing Messages by changing your preferences. Your opt-out request may generate a confirmation text message clarifying which messaging program it applies (if you have more than one). You acknowledge that the text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the keyword commands noted herein and agree that BJ’s and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. If you unsubscribe from one of our text message programs (e.g., Marketing Messages), you may continue to receive text messages from BJ’s through any other programs you have joined (e.g., Transactional Messages) until you separately unsubscribe from those programs. These Message Terms will still apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the Message Program. Note, texting “STOP” is the recommended method for opting out to assure prompt removal. If you choose to request an opt-out by other means (e.g., requests made through Member Care), the processing of your request may be delayed or may take up to three (3) business days to reflect under your account settings. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time, and BJ’s will start sending such text messages to you again.

Help and Questions

The Message Program is a service of BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., located at 350 Campus Drive, Marlborough, MA 01752. You can text HELP for help at any time to BJSGO (25746) for Marketing Messages or to 84106 for Transactional Messages. If you are experiencing any problems, please visit BJs.com/help or call 1-800-BJS-CLUB.

Mobile Phone Number Change

In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile phone number, you agree to notify BJ’s by calling 1-800-BJS-CLUB or by updating your mobile number under your account settings (which may require you to confirm consent via text message again).

Disputes

ANY CLAIM UNDER THESE MESSAGE TERMS WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION BELOW. Unless otherwise required by law or our agreements with you, BJ's, nor any of our affiliates, officers, directors, employees, service providers, or agents will be liable to you, or anyone making a claim on your behalf, in connection with (a) any termination of, change in, or suspension of the Message Program; or (b) any text message received as part of the Message Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any liability that we or they may have to you in connection with the Message Program will not exceed one hundred dollars ($100).

14. Alcohol transactions.
BJ’s endeavors to ensure that alcoholic beverages are not sold or delivered to anyone who is under the age of 21 or outside of the United States. You may have the option to order delivery of alcohol products from select BJ’s Store locations and where permitted by law. Alcohol product availability, quantity, and pricing vary by state due to differing state regulations. Alcoholic sales, including the delivery thereof, are not available for those under the age of 21. A valid proof of age is required for all transactions involving alcohol. After you place an order for alcohol through the BJ’s Website, we will check the transactional information you give us for validity and compliance with state laws and regulations, by verifying your method of payment or shipping address. If you intentionally or unintentionally misrepresent your age in order to obtain or provide alcohol to a person under the age of 21, we will report this to the appropriate authorities, prosecute you fully to the extent allowable by law, and terminate your membership. Alcohol sales are completed by the entity licensed to sell alcohol products at the applicable location.

Any alcohol purchased from BJ’s must be for personal consumption and not for resale, and we do not sell alcohol to dealers. We reserve the right to reject any order for alcohol and to limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. Your form of payment method will normally not be charged if we reject an order, but we will process a refund if the charge has been made against your payment method.

By purchasing alcohol from BJ’s, you swear and affirm and represent to us that you and the recipient are over the age of 21. If for any reason it is found that you or the recipient are under the age of 21, you and the recipient agree to indemnify BJ’s and reimburse us and be responsible for all costs, expenses (including legal fees) and damages BJ’s suffers or incurs. You also swear and affirm and represent to us that any alcohol purchased from BJ’s is intended for personal consumption and not for resale. If you cannot make these affirmations and representations or you do not agree with all of these conditions of use please do not purchase alcohol from BJ’s.

Upon any delivery involving alcohol, BJ’s delivery partners (“Driver”) will ask to see the recipient’s valid government-issued ID (e.g., driver’s license) to confirm recipient is 21 or older to receive the order. The recipient may also be required to sign for the order. Failure to provide a valid ID will prevent the Driver from completing the delivery. If the recipient is visibly intoxicated, the Driver reserves the right to refuse to deliver the order. In the event the recipient is unable to sign for the order (e.g., not home), unable to provide a valid ID, or visibly intoxicated, the order will be returned to the applicable BJ’s Store and your original form of payment method will be refunded.

15. Your account.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your BJ’s Website account, including your username and password, and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur on your account or with your password. BJ’s is not responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your account. You agree that BJ’s does not have any responsibility if you lose or share access to your account. In the event that the confidentiality of your account or password is compromised in any manner, you must notify BJ’s immediately. BJ’s reserves the right to take any and all action as it deems necessary or reasonable to maintain the security of BJ’s Website and your account, including without limitation, terminating, deleting, or suspending your account, changing your password, or requesting information to authorize transactions on your account.

While BJ’s takes prudent steps to protect your account and BJ’s Website, it cannot protect your information outside of BJ’s Website. When you send emails to us or chat with us on BJs.com, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically and agree that we may communicate with you by email or by posting a notice on this web site. We do not include details of your personal financial information in emails unless you specifically request we do so or as necessary to answer your question. You acknowledge and agree that unencrypted email sent over the Internet is not secure and may be read by others, and you agree that when you request that we send you email you are authorizing us to transmit and disclose your information from time to time in an unencrypted manner. You further acknowledge that emails sent with this information are not stored in a secure manner. You agree that we may treat specific actions by you, such as checking boxes to receive email updates, sending us an email directly or through BJ’s Website, communicating with our virtual customer service agents on BJs.com, or leaving a telephone message with an email address for BJ’s Member Care to respond to an inquiry about your account, as a request that we communicate with you digitally, including by unencrypted email.

16. Privacy policy.
BJ's respects your right to privacy and our documented Privacy Policy details our practices and policies. You agree that any personal information that you provide to BJ’s, including through BJ’s Website or in BJ’s Stores, will be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We are the sole owner of collected information and we will not sell, share, or rent this information in ways different than disclosed in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy in its entirety online, or call BJ's Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB to request a copy.

BJ’s makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature, or reliability of third-party websites accessible by hyperlink from BJ’s Website, or third-party websites linking to BJ’s Website.

17. Notice for California residents.
BJ’s does not operate in California and does not ship most products to California. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of BJ’s Website are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding BJ’s Website, please send an email to legalnotices@bjs.com. You may also contact us by writing to BJ’s Wholesale Club, 350 Campus Drive, Attention: Legal, Marlborough, MA 01752, or by calling us at 774-512-7400. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

18. Disputes; Dispute resolution.
ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, OR CONTROVERSY ARISING IN ANY WAY BETWEEN US INCLUDING IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE (INDIVIDUALLY AND COLLECTIVELY WITH THE DEFINITIONS OF “DISPUTE” UNDER BJ’S MEMBERSHIP TERMS, BJ’S PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS, AND BJ’S MESSAGE TERMS, “DISPUTE”) WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (“FAA”) AND DELAWARE LAW, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED BELOW, EITHER YOU OR BJ'S MAY ELECT THAT ANY SUCH DISPUTE BE RESOLVED SOLELY BY BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION UNDER THE RULES AND PROCEDURES OF THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (“AAA”). IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND THERE IS LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. THERE WILL BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS. PLEASE REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION BELOW CAREFULLY AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS. We aim to make our members happy, but in the event that a Dispute (defined above) arises between you and BJ’s, you and we agree to the procedures and terms set forth in this Dispute Resolution provision, including the Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process, arbitration clause, class action waiver, and jury trial waiver. Please review carefully. This Dispute Resolution provision will survive termination of the Terms of Use or cancellation of your membership.

Definition of Dispute. The term Dispute (defined above) is to be broadly interpreted. It covers claims whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory and includes claims that relate to advertising, marketing, pricing, and communications. Dispute will also include any dispute, claim or controversy that arose before you assented to the Terms of Use or after termination of the Terms of Use or your Membership. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dispute will not encompass disputes, claims, or controversies concerning the alleged violation of intellectual property rights.

Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process. We seek to resolve any Disputes that arise with our members informally. Before initiating an arbitration proceeding or small claims court proceeding, you or we must give the other party notice of the Dispute by providing a written “Notice of Dispute” that is personally signed by you (if you are initiating the Notice of Dispute) or a BJ’s representative (if we are initiating the Notice of Dispute). The Notice of Dispute must contain the following information: (i) name, contact information (address, telephone number, and email address) and membership number; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the Dispute, including relevant facts, transaction, and circumstances giving rise to the Dispute; and (iii) a description of the nature and basis of the relief sought, including a calculation for it. You must send any such Notice of Dispute to BJ’s via letter delivered by first class postage prepaid mail or courier to BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., 350 Campus Drive, Marlborough, MA 01752, Attention: Legal Department, or email to legalnotices@bjs.com. BJ’s must send any Notice of Dispute to you at the contact information we have on file for you. You and BJ’s will then attempt to resolve the Dispute through informal negotiations within 60 days from the date the Notice of Dispute is received (or a longer period if agreed to by the parties). You and we will use reasonable, good faith efforts to resolve the Dispute. If the party receiving the Notice of Dispute requests a telephonic settlement conference as part of this informal process, you and BJ’s agree to participate in an effort to resolve the Dispute. Should we make the request, you agree to attend this conference (with your counsel, if you are represented). Should you make the request, BJ’s agrees to have a representative attend this conference (with counsel, if we are represented). Neither you nor BJ’s may initiate an arbitration or small claims court proceeding absent full compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process. If the sufficiency of a Notice of Dispute or compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Dispute Process is at issue, it may be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s election, and any formal dispute resolution proceeding will be stayed. Such court will have the non-exclusive authority to enforce this condition precedent to an arbitration and a small claims court proceeding, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration. Any applicable limitations period and any filing fee deadlines will be tolled while you and BJ’s engage in this informal, 60-day process (which can be extended by agreement of the parties).

Small Claims Court. Any Dispute that falls within the jurisdictional scope and limits of the small claims court where you reside must be brought in that court on an individual basis. Such Disputes must remain in small claims court and may not be removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. The party initiating the small claims court proceeding will submit a certification of compliance with the Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process referenced above to that court. The certification will be personally signed by that party (and counsel, if represented).
Arbitration Clause. Except as otherwise provided herein, any Dispute that is not resolved through the Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process will be resolved by binding individual arbitration to be held in the county or parish where you reside or another mutually agreeable location. You and we agree that arbitration is designed to be efficient and cost-effective for the parties.
Arbitration Procedures.

The arbitration will be administered by the AAA (a non-profit arbitration administrator) and heard by a single, neutral arbitrator. Except as modified by these Terms of Use, the AAA will administer the arbitration in accordance with their rules applicable to the nature of the Dispute, including any supplementary rules (“AAA Rules”). The AAA Rules and fee information are available at www.adr.org.
The party seeking to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with the demand for arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules and this provision. The demand for arbitration must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented). By signing the demand for arbitration, a party (and their counsel, if represented), certifies that they have complied with (i) the Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process and (ii) all of the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including that the claims and relief sought are neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose. The arbitrator is authorized to award any relief or impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 or applicable federal or state law against all appropriate persons (including counsel) as a court would.
The AAA Rules will govern the payment of all arbitration fees. Either party may engage with the AAA to discuss fee reductions and deferred payments.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide except the following items (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (i) issues that are specifically reserved for a court in these Terms of Use; (ii) issues related to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision; and (iii) whether a Dispute can or must be brought in arbitration.
The arbitrator may award relief, including, but not limited to, monetary, declaratory, injunctive, or other equitable relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. The arbitrator must follow these Terms of Use and can award the same individualized damages and relief as a court, including injunctive or other equitable relief necessary to provide relief as to the individualized claim. The arbitrator will apply the cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of an award. Unless you and BJ’s agree otherwise, one person’s claims may not be consolidated with those of any other person. If a court determines that a claim or request for public injunctive relief may not be waived and all appeals from that decision have been exhausted (or it is otherwise final), you and BJ’s agree that any claim or request for public injunctive relief will be stayed and resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction pending arbitration of the remaining claims and requests for relief.
The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing and binding and conclusive on you and BJ’s. The arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction only if necessary for purposes of enforcing the arbitrator’s award. An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied will not be entered in any court.
You and BJ’s retain the right to request a telephonic, video, or in-person hearing from the arbitrator in any proceeding. You and a BJ’s representative will personally appear (along with your and our counsel, if represented) at any hearing. For claims of more than $25,000 (and for claims seeking individualized injunctive, equitable, or declaratory relief), a telephone, virtual, or in-person hearing will be held.
Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitrations. These additional procedures apply where your claim is part of fifty (50) or more similar claims asserted against BJ’s by the same or coordinated counsel or entities. You understand and agree that these additional procedures will apply and the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed.

Stage One. Counsel for the claimants and counsel for BJ’s will each select twenty-five (25) claims per side to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process. Any remaining claims will not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration, nor will any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties will engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge, and BJ’s will pay the mediation fee.
Stage Two. If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for BJ’s will each select fifty (50) claims per side to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any modifications the parties agree to in writing following mediation or through continuing, good faith discussions. Any remaining claims will not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration, nor will any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties will engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge, and BJ’s will pay the mediation fee.
Stage Three. If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for BJ’s will each select seventy-five (75) claims per side to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any modifications the parties agree to in writing following mediation or through continuing, good faith discussions. Any remaining claims will not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration, nor will any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this third set of staged proceedings is completed, counsel for the claimants may elect to have BJ’s participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge with the cost to be shared by the parties.
Each case within any given stage will be assigned to a different arbitrator, unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either: (i) you and BJ’s may, separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with these Terms of Use. You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by email to BJ’s at legalnotices@bjs.com within thirty (30) days after the conclusion of Stage Three. BJ’s may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within fourteen (14) days following the expiration of your thirty (30) day opt out period. Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines OR (ii) if neither you nor BJ’s elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with (i), then you agree that your claim will be resolved through continuing staged proceedings. Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds one hundred (100), then one hundred (100) claims will be randomly selected to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process. The same parameters set forth above for Stage Three will apply to each subsequent set of staged, individual proceedings. After each set of one hundred (100) claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process will repeat consistent with these parameters. Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and the AAA to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
Any relevant limitations period and filing fee or other deadlines will be tolled subject to these additional procedures that apply to mass arbitrations from the time the first cases are selected for a staged process until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
A court will have the authority to enforce these mass arbitration procedures and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees. If these additional procedures for mass arbitrations apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim will proceed in court consistent with these Terms.
Limited Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of changes to the arbitration clause within thirty (30) days of changes by sending your written, personally signed notice of your decision to opt out to BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., 350 Campus Drive, Marlborough, MA 01752, Attention: Legal Department. This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether. If you do not affirmatively elect to opt out as described above, your continued membership will be deemed to be your irrevocable acceptance of any changes.

Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver. YOU AND BJ’s AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS (WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT) AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND MAY NOT PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF, CLAIMANT, OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS, COLLECTIVE, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING AGAINST THE OTHER. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or BJ’s may participate in a class-wide settlement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and BJ’s waive any right to a jury trial.

Choice of Law; Forum Selection. These Terms of Use and any Disputes between you and BJ’s will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws. Unless you and BJ’s agree otherwise, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the state and federal courts of the State of Delaware will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes, claims, or controversies between you and BJ’s (except for disputes brought in small claims court) that are not subject to arbitration or over any action involving the applicability or enforceability of any provisions of these Terms of Use (including the arbitration clause and class action waiver). You and BJ’s consent to the jurisdiction of those courts and waive any objections as to personal jurisdiction or as to the laying of venue in such courts due to inconvenient forum or any other basis to seek transfer or change venue of such action to another court.

19. Enforcement of terms of use.
BJ’s operates the BJ’s Website from its offices within the United States and makes no representations that content and materials on the BJ’s Website are legal or appropriate for use from outside the United States. If you choose to access the BJ’s Website from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws. By accessing and using BJ’s Website or visiting BJ’s Stores, you agree that your access to and use of BJ’s Website and BJ’s Stores is subject to these Terms of Use, as well as all applicable laws, as governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware, United States and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. You agree to use BJ’s Website and BJ’s Stores only for lawful purposes.

20. Compliance with security.
You are expressly prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of BJ’s Website, including: (i) accessing data, servers, or accounts not intended for you or which you are not authorized to access; (ii) attempting to identify or test system or network vulnerability, or breach security or authentication measures; (iii) attempting to interfere with service to any other member, customer, user, host or network in any manner whatsoever; or (iv) sending unsolicited communications, including email, form submissions, or chat messages. You further agree not to misrepresent your identity when making purchases at BJ’s.

21. Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI).
BJ’s Stores and BJ’s Website may utilize or make available to you various generative AI tools (e.g., virtual agent chatbots, review summaries). Any generative AI tools are provided on an “as is, as available” basis without representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied. These tools are intended for general informational and convenience purposes only, and BJ’s does not warrant that the output of these tools is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. You assume sole responsibility for verifying the accuracy and completeness of the output from these tools. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that any information you provide to such tools may be used by BJ’s and the generative AI tools.

22. Disclaimers – general.
BJ’S WEBSITE AND BJ’S STORES ARE OPERATED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BJ’S WHOLESALE CLUB, INC, AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO BJ’S WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENTS AND BJ’S STORES AND ITS CONTENTS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. BJ’S MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT CONTENT PROVIDED ON BJ’S WEBSITE OR IN BJ’S STORES IS APPLICABLE OR APPROPRIATE FOR USE IN LOCATIONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BJ’S DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY MERCHANDISE OFFERED ON BJ’S WEBSITE AND BJ’S STORES. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PRODUCT WARRANTY OFFERED BY THE MANUFACTURER OF THE ITEM.

BJ’S DOES NOT ENDORSE OR MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE OPTIONS OR OTHER SERVICE OR DATA YOU MAY ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR USE AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON BJ’S WEBSITE, OR ABOUT ANY WEBSITE YOU MAY ACCESS THROUGH BJ’S WEBSITE. LINKS TO OTHER SITES ARE PROVIDED FOR CONVENIENCE ONLY. YOU NEED TO MAKE YOUR OWN DECISIONS REGARDING YOUR INTERACTIONS OR COMMUNICATIONS WITH ANY OTHER SITE. BJ’S ASSUMES NO RISK OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE CONTENT PROVIDED ON BJ’S WEBSITE OR IN BJ’S STORES.

BJ’S DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE NUTRITION, INGREDIENT, ALLERGEN, AND OTHER PRODUCT INFORMATION ON BJ’S WEBSITE SITE AND IN BJ’S STORES IS ACCURATE OR COMPLETE. THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED BY THE PRODUCT MANUFACTURERS OR SUPPLIERS AND ON OCCASION MANUFACTURERS MAY MODIFY THEIR PRODUCTS AND UPDATE THEIR LABELS. DO NOT RELY SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE BJ’S WEBSITE; ALWAYS CONSULT THE PRODUCT’S LABELS, WARNINGS, AND INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USE. YOU MAY ALSO CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER DIRECTLY IF YOU HAVE A SPECIFIC DIETARY CONCERN OR QUESTION ABOUT A PRODUCT.

23. Limitation of liability for inability to use BJ’s Website or BJ’s Stores.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BJ’S OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS, OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE BJ’S WEBSITE OR BJ’S STORES.

THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL LOSSES AND DAMAGES OF ANY KIND HOWEVER DENOMINATED, INCLUDING BODILY INJURY, DEATH, DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE, PERSONAL OR REAL PROPERTY, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF INCOME OR PROFITS, ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECTS, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, COMPUTER VIRUSES, FILE CORRUPTION, COMMUNICATION FAILURE, NETWORK OR SYSTEM OUTAGE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, LOSS OF USE OF ANY RECORD OR DATA, AND ANY OTHER TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE LOSS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF BJ’S OR ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES.

APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH ABOVE, SO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF ANY PART OF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BJ’S AND ITS AFFILIATES UNDER SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES FOR LIABILITIES THAT OTHERWISE WOULD HAVE BEEN LIMITED WILL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).

24. General.
Headings used in these Terms of Use are for reference purposes only and in no way define or limit the scope of the section. In these Terms of Use, the term “including” will mean “including without limitation” and unless the context otherwise requires, the word “or” will be deemed to have the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase “and/or”, and the phrase “to the extent” will mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends and will not mean simply “if.” If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use of Use do not, and will not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency, or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and BJ’s or its affiliates. The failure of BJ’s to act with respect to a breach of these Terms of Use by you or others does not constitute a waiver and will not limit BJ’s rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. Notices to you, including notices of changes to this these Terms of Use, may be made via posting to BJ’s Website, posting in BJ’s Stores, by e-mail, text message, or app notification (including in each case via links), or by regular mail.

We are here to help.
If you have any questions, please contact us online at BJs.com/help and select “email”, visit a member services desk in-club, or call BJ’s Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB (257-2582) Monday – Friday, 8AM – 7PM E.T., Saturday 8AM – 6PM E.T., and Sunday NOON – 6PM E.T.

Terms of Use as of 11/1/2024. Subject to change.
--
BJ’s One® Mastercard®
Program Rewards Terms

Please read these BJ’s One® Mastercard® Program Rewards Terms (“Program Rewards Terms”) carefully for important information about your rights and obligations under the BJ’s One® Mastercard rewards program (“Program”). By participating in the Program, you are agreeing to these Program Rewards Terms. The Program is provided by BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. (“BJ’s”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). BJ’s is solely responsible for Program operation and may withdraw the Program or change the terms of the Program at any time.

IMPORTANT: THESE PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT (I) LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU, (II) ELIMINATE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, (III) REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PART OF ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION AND THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION, AND (IV) PROVIDE FOR AUTOMATIC ANNUAL RENEWAL OF YOUR BJ’S MEMBERSHIP THROUGH BJ’S EASY RENEWAL® PROGRAM. PLEASE REVIEW THESE PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS CAREFULLY.

FOR THE MOST UP-TO-DATE PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS, PLEASE VISIT
WWW.BJS.COM/BJSONETERMS

About the Program
The Program allows you to earn BJ’s rewards on the dollars you spend on Eligible Purchases at BJ’s and other purchases made outside of BJ’s using your BJ’s One® Mastercard®, BJ’s One+® Mastercard®, or BJ’s Business Elite® Mastercard® (each, a “Credit Card”).

These Program Rewards Terms are separate and independent from your Customer Agreement (“Customer Agreement”) with Capital One, N.A. or its assignees (“Bank”), which governs your Credit Card account with the Bank (“Account”). Your Customer Agreement remains in full force and effect and is unaffected by these Program Rewards Terms.

In these Program Rewards Terms, “you” and “your” means the Account holder.

Enrollment and Qualification
Memberships associated with a Credit Card Account are subject to (i) these Program Rewards Terms, (ii) BJ’s Membership Terms (available at the Member Services Desk and online at BJs.com/terms), (iii) BJ’s Terms of Use (available at BJs.com/termsofuse), and (iv) BJ’s Privacy Policy (available at BJs.com/privacypolicy). Certain membership types, such as trial and other promotional memberships, BJ’s one-day memberships, and BJ’s B2B and BJ’s Global Sales memberships, are not eligible to participate in the Program (“Ineligible Memberships”). Only one BJ’s membership number per Credit Card Account will be eligible to participate in the Program. You will be automatically enrolled in the Program when, and only if, you have an eligible active BJ’s membership, and the Bank opens your Account.

Program Earnings (or “Pending Rewards”)
Earnings (which we may also refer to as “Pending Rewards”) will not accumulate to your Program balance unless your BJ’s membership number is linked to your Account. Memberships associated with a Credit Card Account, including household and supplemental memberships where the primary membership is associated with a Credit Card Account, will only accrue earnings and receive an instant discount at BJ’s Gas® in accordance with these Program Rewards Terms. As more fully explained below, earnings and discounts under the Program require, among other things, use of the associated Credit Card Account in the applicable purchase transaction.

Purchases at BJ’s. Earnings on Eligible Purchases accumulate to your Program balance when you pay for them with your Credit Card, if your Account is in good standing as determined by the Bank. “Eligible Purchases” are purchases of goods and/or services made by you or any authorized user on your Account in-club at BJ's front-end registers, on BJs.com or via the BJ's app, minus any redeemed rewards, returns, refunds, or credit adjustments when paid for with your Credit Card. Eligible Purchases exclude eye exams; tax; bottle deposits; alcohol; tobacco; lottery; gift cards; propane; BJ’s Gas®; online optical; membership fees; add-ons (e.g., shipping, delivery, pickup fees); third-party services (e.g., BJ’s Travel®, warranties); BJ’s B2B; and BJ’s Global Sales Transactions. For clarity, and without limiting the foregoing, (i) same-day delivery and pickup fees and BJ's Gas purchases are not Eligible Purchases and do not earn rewards, and (ii) purchases completed through PayPal and other third-party wallets are not Eligible Purchases, even if you use your Credit Card.
Purchases outside of BJ’s. Earnings on all other purchases made outside of BJ’s with your Credit Card accumulate to your Program balance when you pay for them with your Credit Card, if your Account is in good standing as determined by the Bank. Earnings will apply to net purchases only (i.e., purchases minus any returns, refunds or credit adjustments). Purchases at BJ’s clubs, BJ’s Gas, BJs.com, BJ’s app, and BJ’s B2B and BJ’s Global Sales Transactions are not considered purchases made “outside of BJ’s.”
Earnings on Eligible Purchases or purchases outside of BJ’s that are returned or refunded or otherwise adjusted will be deducted from your Program earnings balance. If your Program earnings balance goes negative, you must first accumulate earnings to bring your Program balance to zero before accumulating any earnings eligible for redemption. Transactions that qualify for earnings are determined at our sole discretion. At any time, we may verify and adjust your Program earnings balance (including without limitation Bonus Earnings balances) based on our records and purchases not constituting, or no longer constituting, Eligible Purchases or purchases outside of BJ’s.

Balance transfers, convenience checks, cash advances, overdraft advances, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, purchases of money orders, traveler's checks, foreign currency or other cash equivalents, fraudulent transactions, transactions subject to adjustment, and interest or fees of any kind, such as finance charges, late payment fees and cash advance fees are not considered purchases (of any nature, including Eligible Purchases) and will not earn rewards.

Earnings cannot be combined with any other membership or member Account associated with your membership (e.g., household members).

Earnings are not accrued for pending transactions; earnings will be accrued when the purchase transaction posts to your Account. Earnings accumulated have no cash value and may not be used as payment of any outstanding obligation, including to Bank, BJ’s, and their respective affiliates. Accrued earnings are usually visible on your BJ’s online account within 10 days. Except as otherwise explained in these Program Rewards Terms, earnings will remain in your Program earnings balance until they are added to your Program rewards balance when your Credit Card Account statement issues each month, provided your account is in good standing – please see “Program Rewards” below. There is no cap to the amount of Program earnings you can accrue on Eligible Purchases and purchases made outside of BJ’s with your Credit Card.

The below summary of earning and discount terms is subject to the terms and conditions of these Program Rewards Terms:

BJ’s One Mastercard
Earn 3% back in rewards on Eligible Purchases.
Earn 1.5% back in rewards on all other purchases made outside of BJ’s with your BJ's One Mastercard.
Receive an instant discount of 10¢ off each gallon of fuel at BJ’s Gas when you use your BJ’s One Mastercard to pay for your fuel purchase and scan the associated membership card.
BJ’s One+ Mastercard and BJ’s Business Elite Mastercard
Earn 5% back in rewards on Eligible Purchases.
Earn 2% back in rewards on all other purchases made outside of BJ’s with your BJ's One+ Mastercard or BJ’s Business Elite Mastercard.
Receive an instant discount of 15¢ off each gallon of fuel at BJ’s Gas when you use your BJ’s One+ Mastercard or BJ’s Business Elite Mastercard to pay for your fuel purchase and scan the associated membership card.
Note: The BJ’s One+ Mastercard requires an active The Club+ Card Membership.
Special Offers
From time to time, we may make available special offers for you to accumulate additional earnings for certain Eligible Purchases. These additional earnings are called “Bonus Earnings.” The actions necessary for you to earn Bonus Earnings, and the Bonus Earnings that can be earned, may vary. Read each offer carefully, as there may be important conditions or limitations, such as blackout periods, earning limits, or exclusions. You may have to register to qualify for the offer. We may change or withdraw an offer at any time without notice. Any such change or withdrawal will not affect Bonus Earnings already earned. Your Eligible Purchase must be completed, and the transaction charged to your Account during the special offer period for you to earn the applicable Bonus Earnings. For online purchases, please be aware that we may not charge your Account until purchased items have shipped. You will not accrue Bonus Earnings on purchases made using third party digital wallets. During special offer periods, making a return in the same transaction as your purchase may result in accumulating fewer Bonus Earnings because earnings are calculated off of your Eligible Purchase (in this case, your purchase minus return).

Each merchant — that is a retailer, business, or any other place where you can make a purchase — is assigned a code that indicates the merchant’s area of business. For example, gas stations or grocery stores are each generally assigned a specific merchant code. Neither we nor the Bank assign or have any control over merchant codes. Merchant codes are chosen and assigned by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase at a merchant, the Bank is provided the code for the merchant. If the merchant code matches a category that gives you Bonus Earnings, then subject to the other terms and conditions herein, you will receive the Bonus Earnings for that purchase. Because the Bank doesn’t control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn Bonus Earnings.

Program Rewards
Accrued Program earnings will be decremented from your Program earnings balance and added to your Program rewards balance when your Credit Card Account statement issues each month (in some cases, it may take up to two statement cycles), provided your Account is in good standing. Rewards will be rounded to the nearest hundredth.

Rewards are only redeemable for Eligible Purchases and membership fees at BJ’s checkout in-club, on BJs.com, or in the BJ’s mobile app. Rewards must have a minimum balance of $10 to redeem, and the Eligible Purchase to which the rewards are applied must be at least $10 at BJ’s checkout and greater than or equal to the reward redemption amount. Use of rewards will not create a negative cash register or checkout balance at BJ’s.

Rewards may be used by authorized users on your Account if such users are also members and you have elected to share such rewards. Rewards may only be redeemed for Eligible Purchases and membership fees made in-club at BJ’s front-end registers, on BJs.com, or in the BJ’s app. You may choose to use rewards or save them. If you choose to use rewards, you must use all the rewards that are presented to you.

Your Program rewards balance will be decremented at the time of rewards redemption. If your redemption of rewards results in a Program rewards balance of less than $10, the remaining rewards will not be available for redemption until such time as your Program rewards balance again reaches $10, as described above.

Rewards cannot be used to meet minimum payment obligations to the Bank or its affiliates. All reward redemptions are final, except as outlined in these Program Rewards Terms. We reserve the right to verify and adjust your rewards balance at any time.

Except as otherwise provided in these Program Rewards Terms, Program rewards are yours for the life of the Account — they will not expire.

Returns and refunds of your BJ’s purchases are subject to BJ’s return policy. If you make a return on a purchase on which you redeemed rewards, your rewards will be refunded as follows:

In-club. If the total cost of your purchase, after the return, still exceeds the value of any redeemed rewards, no rewards will be refunded to you. Otherwise, the purchase price, including the value of any rewards redeemed, will be refunded to either the original form of tender on which the greatest portion of the original purchase was charged or to a BJ's gift card, in BJ's discretion. If the return exceeds the amount of the original purchase, any remaining balance will be refunded to a BJ’s gift card, or in cash, in BJ's discretion.
On BJs.com. Rewards are applied pro rata to all items in an Eligible Purchase made online. A return of any item will result in a corresponding credit of the pro rata rewards amount to your Program earnings balance.
Earnings and Rewards Restrictions and Forfeiture
Program earnings and rewards may not be sold, purchased, brokered, bartered, transferred, or altered in any way by you. Any attempted transaction of such sort will be automatically void. Anyone engaging in such transactions will be liable for damages to us, including, but not limited to consequential damages, third party damages, transaction costs, attorney’s fees, and court costs. Any violation of these provisions will result in termination of your eligibility to participate in BJ’s membership program and the Program, and forfeiture of unused earnings and rewards. You will also forfeit your Program earnings balance and rewards if you attempt to violate the prohibitions on the transfer of rewards, if you file for bankruptcy, or if the Bank or you close your Account for any reason. You will not be entitled to and will not receive any compensation from us, the Bank, or our respective affiliates for rewards or earnings that are forfeited.

To the extent allowed by applicable law, we may cancel any earned or outstanding Program earnings and rewards if we become insolvent, unable to pay our debts when due, file an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or have such an action filed against us.

Membership Expiration and Cancellation; Account Cancellation and Closure
If you do not renew your BJ’s membership, but maintain your Account in good standing, you will continue to accrue earnings and rewards and can redeem rewards with your Credit Card in accordance with these Program Rewards Terms, except that: (i) you may only shop at BJ’s in-club, and not on BJs.com or in the BJ’s mobile app, and (ii) a non-member surcharge equal to 20% of your total purchase will apply to all post-expiration (and post-cancellation) BJ’s purchases, including both purchases that accrue earnings and purchases made using rewards. Expired members that do shop and pay a surcharge may come back to the Member Services Desk at any club location to apply the surcharge paid toward their renewal fee within seven (7) days from such surcharge, up to the renewal fee.

Updates to your membership tier or status automatically result in an upgrade or downgrade of your Credit Card. If you upgrade or downgrade between a BJ’s One Mastercard and a BJ’s One+ Mastercard, you will continue to accrue Program earnings and may redeem rewards in accordance with the terms of your new Program level. While you will begin earning in accordance with the terms of your new Program level immediately, it may take up to ten (10) days for your Program earnings balance to be adjusted to reflect your new Program level. Downgrades can only be processed at the time of membership renewal either by BJ’s Member Care or in-club at the Member Services Desk.

If you cancel or close your Account but maintain The Club+ Card or The Business Club+ Card membership, you will retain previously earned and outstanding Program earnings and rewards and will continue to earn and redeem rewards in accordance with the terms of The Club+ Card or The Business Club+ Card Membership, as applicable. However, you will no longer accrue new Program earnings or rewards.

If you cancel or close your Account but maintain an active The Club Card or The Business Club Card Membership, you will retain previously earned and outstanding Program earnings and rewards but will no longer accrue new Program earnings or rewards.

If your BJ’s membership number changes for any reason and you need to link your new membership number to your Account, please contact BJ’s Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB.

We reserve the right to disqualify any Account holder from participation in this Program in the event of fraud, abuse of Program privileges, or violation of these Program Rewards Terms as determined in BJ’s sole discretion. Such termination may result in the forfeiture of any accumulated Program earnings and rewards. You will not be entitled to and will not receive any compensation from us, the Bank, or our respective affiliates for accrued Program earnings and rewards so forfeited.

BJ’s Easy Renewal®
Upon opening your Account, your BJ’s membership is automatically enrolled in BJ’s Easy Renewal; you may cancel your BJ’s Easy Renewal participation at any time, as set forth below. Under the BJ’s Easy Renewal program, your membership will be renewed automatically and the then-current membership fee for all memberships on your membership account, plus tax where applicable, will be charged to your Account or any payment method we have on record for your membership (as set forth in the BJ’s Membership Terms under “BJ’s Easy Renewal® program”) each year on the 1st day of the month in which the membership is set to expire (or, if we must make subsequent attempts to process your membership fee, such date as we are able to successfully charge your membership fee), unless you opt out of this feature. The membership will be renewed as of its expiration date. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS ANNUAL RECURRING CHARGE MAY OCCUR WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT NOTICE IS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Your Account opening is your authorization (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the then-current membership fee for all memberships on your membership account, plus tax where applicable, from your Account or any payment method we have on record for your membership, as set forth in the BJ’s Membership Terms under “BJ’s Easy Renewal® program.” THE ANNUAL BILLING AUTHORIZATIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE REMAIN IN EFFECT, AND YOUR MEMBERSHIP WILL REMAIN ENROLLED IN BJ’S EASY RENEWAL (EVEN IF YOUR MEMBERSHIP EXPIRES) UNLESS AND UNTIL YOU OR BJ’S CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP OR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE BJ’S EASY RENEWAL PROGRAM.

YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR BJ’S EASY RENEWAL PARTICIPATION ANY TIME ONLINE AT BJS.COM, BY VISITING A MEMBER SERVICES DESK, OR BY CALLING BJ’S MEMBER CARE AT 800-BJS-CLUB. YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR BJ’S EASY RENEWAL PARTICIPATION BEFORE THE 1ST DAY OF THE MONTH IN WHICH YOUR MEMBERSHIP IS SET TO EXPIRE TO AVOID BEING CHARGED.

Program Maintenance and Communication
We may communicate with you regarding any matter related to the Program (including Program activity, reward redemption and earning activity, and Program enrollment) by mail, telephone, or electronic communication. As needed, you agree to update your contact information promptly with both (i) the Bank and (ii) BJ’s (through your online account on BJs.com or by contacting BJ’s Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB). Neither we nor the Bank are responsible for communications lost or undelivered due to incorrected or changed address or other contact information.

You will not lose your unused Program rewards if your Credit Card is lost, stolen, or damaged, even if your replacement Credit Card has a different Account number. However, if your Credit Card is reported as lost, stolen, or damaged, you will not earn rewards until the Bank provides a replacement Credit Card.

If you believe that a purchase made on your Account should have added to your Program earnings balance and the earnings do not show on your Program balance on your BJ’s online account within ten (10) days, or if you believe rewards should have posted to your rewards balance and the rewards do not show your Program balance on your BJ’s online account after your next Account statement date, please contact BJ’s Member Care at 800-BJS-CLUB within thirty (30) days. Any missing Program earnings or rewards not claimed within such time period will be forfeited. Your sole and exclusive remedy, and the maximum liability to you, in the event you prevail in a dispute, is for us or the Bank to credit (i) the disputed earnings to your Program earnings balance or (ii) credit the disputed rewards to your Program rewards balance. Please note that the dispute rights with respect to your Account under the Customer Agreement do not apply to these Program Rewards Terms or to your rights and remedies under these Program Rewards Terms, which are solely as set forth in these Program Rewards Terms.

Other Terms
No Endorsement, Warranty or Guarantee by Bank. The Bank does not endorse, make any express or implied warranty, or guarantee the performance of any goods or services purchased at BJ’s club locations, on BJs.com, or in the BJ’s mobile app.

Governing Law; Terms of Use Dispute Resolution Provisions. ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, OR CONTROVERSY ARISING IN ANY WAY BETWEEN US INCLUDING IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM OR THESE PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS (“DISPUTE”) WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (“FAA”) AND DELAWARE LAW (WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS), ALL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS OF BJ’S TERMS OF USE (“DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS”). EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS, EITHER YOU OR BJ'S MAY ELECT THAT ANY SUCH DISPUTE BE RESOLVED SOLELY BY BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION UNDER THE RULES AND PROCEDURES OF THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (“AAA”). IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND THERE IS LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. THERE WILL BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS. PLEASE REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS CAREFULLY AS THEY AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS.

Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise required by law or our agreements with you, neither BJ’s nor the Bank, nor any of our or its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, service providers, vendors, or agents will be liable to you, or anyone claiming a Dispute on your behalf, in connection with (i) any termination of, change in, or suspension of the Program; (ii) any claim relating to goods or services purchased using the Credit Card or any earnings or rewards obtained through the Program; (iii) any loss, damage, expense, or inconvenience caused by any occurrence outside of our control; or (iv) any taxes that you incur as a result of receiving or redeeming rewards. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, ANY LIABILITY THAT WE OR THEY MAY HAVE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF ANY EARNINGS YOU HAVE ACCUMULATED OR OUTSTANDING REWARDS BALANCE YOU MAY THEN HAVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE PROGRAM REWARDS TERMS.

Changes. Subject to any requirements or limitations of applicable law, we may at any time for any reason add to, change, limit, or terminate the Program or these Program Rewards Terms. To the extent allowed by applicable law, (i) changes may apply retroactively, and may affect outstanding transactions and earnings, and may result in you involuntarily forfeiting earnings you have accumulated, and (ii) changes will not affect issued or redeemed rewards balances except to the extent allowed by applicable law.

Taxes. Determination and payment of tax liability related to rewards are your sole responsibility. To the extent required by law, certain rewards transactions may be included in year-end tax reporting. Consult your tax advisor concerning such tax consequences.

Assignment. You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Program Rewards Terms to any other person or entity.

Entire Agreement; Severability; Conflicts; No Waiver. These Program Rewards Terms contain the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Program and supersede any previous terms and conditions governing the Program we may have provided to you. The Program is not available where and to the extent prohibited by law. If any part of these Program Rewards Terms conflict with applicable law, that provision will be deemed severed from these Program Rewards Terms and the remainder of the Program Rewards Terms will remain in effect. We will not lose our rights under these Program Rewards Terms because we delay or do not enforce them. All waivers of any of these Program Rewards Terms by us must be in a writing executed by someone with authority to bind us.

BJ’s One® Mastercard®, BJ’s One+® Mastercard®, and BJ’s Business Elite® Mastercard® are issued by Capital One, N.A., pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

Program Rewards Terms effective as of 11/1/2024. Subject to change.